---
title: "2025 02 15"
date: 2025-02-15T06:40:51-05:00
---

Today is ice climbing day!<!--more-->

Months ago we registered for this guided ice climbing trip for beginners,
organized by our climbing gym. As any friend of mine can tell you, I'm not on
the best terms with the cold, and I frequently state that winter is my least
favorite time of the year.

But in spite of that, I decided to commit myself to this and see what it's like.
Plus, friends are going, so whether the climbing itself is fun or awful, it will
be a hang, and it's something to do that isn't playing Stardew Valley all day.

My last several updates have covered the challenges I've had with my lower back
issues. I gotta say, I'm so on the bubble right now. It makes me a bit anxious
if I'm being honest, but at this point I'm committed. Yesterday felt overall
pretty good, though I also took some Advil to counter the soreness.

Typically these flare-ups do end with some soreness and Advil is a completely
sanctioned way to manage inflammation and it works wonders.

It's going to be *cold as hell*. I think it's like five degrees up there in New
Hampshire right now, and another group is starting their ice climbing adventure
basically as I write this. We chose the afternoon session, which was smart, and
by then it'll be around 25. I think the high is going to be around 28.

My plan is to do thick bottom thermals, my regular prAna climbing pants, and
snow pants (which was the guide's recommendation); thick Smart Wool socks and my
new Keen waterproof hiking boots that I took to Death Valley; thick top thermal
layer, my regular Patagonia down coat (which is my default winter coat now), and
my North Face shell (for wind/snow).

I have my Savior heated gloves and two pairs of larger batteries, and a pile of
chemical hand and body warmers if it becomes necessary. What I might do here is
put the warmers in my pockets and just keep my hands in there while between
climbs, to preserve the glove batteries, using them only for actively climbing.

I also have a balaclava if necessary, and my thin beanie hat that fits under my
helmet. I think that's probably enough?

Depending on how charged these batteries are I am thinking about bringing the
GoPro and filming some of the action. I never do anything with this footage but
who knows. I feel a bit like I'll probably never do this again so I might as
well go all-out on documentation.

{{< dots >}}

I'm toward the end of my Stardew Valley journey. I probably have a couple
raccoon quests left, and I want to make the warp obelisks, but other than that I
don't have a ton of desire to do all the Qi's Walnut Room quests. They're so
difficult and feel less fun?

But my wife asked me to have a kid so I should probably play that out and see
what becomes of it, and I want to do the Qi friendship quest but I need to wait
until it re-appears on the board.

Should I play another game after this? Maybe Little Nightmares 2?
