---
title: "2025 02 16"
date: 2025-02-16T13:25:35-05:00
---

Ice climbing reflections!<!--more-->

Yesterday we did Rock Spot Ice Fest, which is a week-long series of guided ice
climbing sessions chiefly led by Rock Spot co-owner Lary Norin. The crew is out
there for a week but as an attendee you can register for a half-day or full-day
or probably multiple days if you really want to. We did the afternoon session
yesterday, starting at 12:30pm and running until 5pm.

So, how'd it go? It was pretty fuckin' sweet if you ask me. I've never done
anything like it. I mean, sure, I've done rock climbing obviously, but it's only
similar in that you are on a rope climbing up a vertical wall. Nothing else
about the technique is the same.

I was pretty worried about the weather because it wasn't going to get above 25
degrees (and it didn't), and about my back, which has still been acting up for
the last couple of weeks. Making things a bit more complicated, the climbing
location is 2.5 hours from home, and sitting in the car is one of the things
that exacerbates my back pain.

The car ride was about as bad as I worried it would be, but fortunately it
doesn't seem to last too much beyond getting out and standing up. I also took a
boatload of Advil; I believe I had like 2,200mg throughout the day, just shy of
what is considered a "prescription" dose (2,400mg) for an adult. This whole
"Advil prescription dose" thing is a subject for another post.

But aside from the car situation, I felt pretty good while climbing aside from
one brief period in the last quarter of the session and after a bit of a rest it
sorted itself out.

{{< dots >}}

I way, way over-prepared in terms of clothing, which was smart. I ended up
shedding a top layer, but the bottom layers and my thickest socks worked great
and I'm glad I didn't choose to skimp. It never got above 25 degrees and I
honestly felt pretty comfortable all afternoon and only put on the balaclava
briefly before my last climb as the temperature began to fall.

The second-to-last climb was definitely the best, a wall at least 30 feet high
with lots of natural holes and ridges to hook onto. I shouldn't say "best," but
to me it was the most fun.

As my last climb I jumped on one that I had done before but attempted a
difficult chimney feature and fell a couple of times. I was definitely pretty
tapped out at that point and that section was way more challenging, but I did
ultimately get up it.

`$WIFE` and our other two friends who came with us each climbed all the routes
and we all doubled up on at least a few of them. Everyone crushed it and had a
blast. Naturally `$WIFE` would like to do a whole day next time, but after our
half-day session I felt like I was pretty beaten up and my feet were starting to
hurt in the boots.

Overall, though, I'm basically none the worse for wear. My ankles are definitely
sore, but the rest of me is okay. My back is not perfect but seems like it's
still on an upward trajectory. I'm not very physically sore anywhere else; my
legs and hands are fine. Holding onto those ice axes can get tiring and I'm not
used to gripping a handle tightly and continuously so that was interesting.

{{< dots >}}

The real adventure was driving home in a snowstorm, down through New Hampshire
and back into Massachusetts. The New Hampshire highways are so dark and they
were so empty, with enough snow and salt down that you couldn't see the lines at
all. Just drifting around trying not to go off the road.

The hardest part was when we got back toward civilization and there were a bunch
of other vehicles on the highway but you still couldn't see the lines, so
everyone is just trying to figure out "can I be here? Can I pass on this side?"
Just classic snowstorm driving.

The storm situation definitely extended the journey by at least a half hour, but
we still got back home by around 10, which could have been a lot worse. It was a
hell of a day, leaving at 9am and getting home at 10pm, and my back was
absolutely killing me. But still, as soon as I got out of the car, it felt more
or less fine.

{{< dots >}}

Ice climbing is a winter sport that maybe, just maybe, I could get into. A
guided trip is a pretty good deal; if you want to do this on your own you'll
find that the boots alone are about $700, and you'll need proper wet rope (rope
whose core and sheath are treated to withstand getting wet) which is more
expensive than dry rope. I don't know how much ice axes cost but I'm sure
they're not free. The boots and axes can be used for decades, though.

Nevertheless, I'm still ready for winter to be over.
