---
title: "2025 05 15 11 45 Thursday"
date: 2025-05-15T11:45:25-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Lime V4
 - Orange V5
---

Climb log.<!--more-->

I had an OK session last night. I felt kind of shaky the whole time, like
physically I was a little shaky, and I don't know what causes that. I think it's
some combination of not enough sleep, maybe not enough food, maybe other things.
I did eat a banana before leaving for the gym but one banana might not have been
enough since I only had a regular breakfast and lunch, and neither are big, for
me.

In any case I did finally send the spicy lime green V4 that had stumped me for a
couple of sessions. I didn't feel incredible on it, but I finished it solidly
in two attempts.

In between those attempts I witnessed another climber just conquer a couple of
V5s, apparent flashes, and I decided to try to meet him. After sending the V4, I
saw him send another tough climb and went up and introduced myself. We ended up
having a lengthy conversation about injury and technique and all sorts of stuff.

At that point, I decided it was time to continue to project my orange V5, and I
had a go at it while my new friend watched. I moved fairly well through the
middle crux but gassed out on the very last hold, which was super frustrating
for me.

The new guy gave me some beta ideas, we mulled them over, took a closer look,
and disqualified them. He figured I was probably doing it the best way I could.
He said "it won't be a project for long" (because I got one hand on the last
hold) and I loved that.

Then I watched him flash an insane V7 and we talked about that for a little bit,
and I went for another go. I got it that time! Full send, he saw me, he
certified it. I told him it was probably his cheering that did it. That marks my
*ninth* V5!

I started working on what I guess is my current project, a pink V5. `$WIFE`
flashed this one but I don't recall all of the moves, and I had tried it a
couple of times but couldn't get past the first or second move.

I had a go, and my new friend suggested a modification to how I was doing the
heel hook, and to move up the hand holds in smaller increments instead of going
for the big move (a thing that I instinctively do as a tall person).

With that advice in mind, I was able to consistently start it. I probably tried
the start five times and never failed to get up to like the fifth move, which
transitions you up onto the roof of the overhang.

On my first or second go after that advice I literally got to the second to last
hold and could have finished it, but it is a committing end move and I didn't
feel that I had the strength to follow through so I gave up on it. There might
be a mental lesson in here about committing when feeling gassed out, but at
least I didn't hurt myself.

On subsequent attempts, I never got that far, which also tells me that:

1. I may have been too fatigued, or

2. I wasn't using the most efficient beta, which I'd since forgotten.

I think this one is worthy of some projecting just to get the middle part to
feel smooth and solid. I'm definitely going to send it, though. That'll be my
tenth V5, which for some weird base-ten numbering system reason feels
significant.
