---
title: "2025 05 16 05 38 Friday"
date: 2025-05-16T05:38:04-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Pink V4 (flash)
 - Blue V4 (flash)
 - Black 5.9 (flash)
 - White 5.10 (flash)
 - Green 5.12 (flash, not a 12)
---

The lead test recap, and sort of a mid climbing session.<!--more-->

I ate a bunch of "vitamin I" and drove all the way into the city to help my
buddy get re-certified in lead belaying last night. All in all, it went very
well, I have no real complaints about it.

The test itself was good. Because my buddy was the one being tested, and only
being tested in belay, I just climbed a very easy 5.6 or something so that he
could demonstrate his belay technique and catch me in a couple of falls.

I did one very slow climb up to four clips and then announced a fall, and then I
did like a "normal speed" climb and took a "surprise" fall. Not so much of a
surprise since everyone knew I'd take the fall after the fourth clip, but I at
least tried to introduce an unknown delay.

Both falls were totally fine in these controlled circumstances. No problem at
all. We got some quality feedback and stuff to look out for. There's never
anything wrong with learning more!

I sent some stuff.

{{< sends >}}

I got there like an hour before the test time and did a slow warm-up. As I've
written, my back hasn't been feeling 100%, and I did take several ibuprofen,
which helps but doesn't completely solve everything.

Nevertheless, I flashed two V4s, and feel amazing about it. I slightly broke the
beta on the pink by skipping two of the last holds, but the blue was a little
tricky and challenged me a bit.

I also did a black 5.9 as a warm-up and thought it was a little bit spicy, but
still flashed it. `$WIFE` had told me about this green "5.12" that she thought
was not a 12 and I also flashed that one. If I were to grade that, I'd call it a
stiff 10, or maybe a soft 11. Definitely not a 12.

I also flashed a white or gray 5.10 that was one of the trickier ones of the
bunch. Very flat, slopey little holds for a 10. I got up to the last couple of
moves and was thinking to myself "gosh these are pretty mean."

After the lead test we played on some other top ropes. We both tried a legit
green 5.12 and I was able to start it and get to what is probably the crux but
couldn't figure it out, my buddy tried a couple of times and couldn't get quite
that far. This one would be worth another go on a strong day.

We also both took a few runs at a blue 5.11 that `$WIFE` had done. Really fun
start that traverses across a narrow archway, and I got probably halfway up a
couple of times before running out of steam. This is another one that I can
definitely do fresh and when my body is feeling more capable.

It's still hard for me to do two days in a row generally, but especially when
I'm feeling sore or achy or whatever, not to mention that I sent my project V5
the day before. In spite of the back issues it was a good climbing week for me.

{{< dots >}}

On the docket today, I need to swing by the library to pick up the book I
ordered, called "Slouch: Posture Panic in Modern America" by Beth Linker. It's a
critique of posture myths through history and I'm kind of excited to get into
it.

I also have a coaching session, and then I have my fifth acupuncture treatment.
I'm going to go to six and then see how I feel about it overall and decide what
to do next. I may continue at a lower frequency or I may stop, I don't know yet.
I think the treatments themselves are sometimes relaxing but also sometimes
uncomfortable and I'm not sure that I'm seeing the kind of results that I hoped
for.

My overall read is that how my back has felt has not trended alongside the
acupuncture itself. I had a skipped week due to scheduling and felt very good
during that time, and then I came back to it last week and my back has felt not
very good. So what does that tell me? There's no apparent correlation.

But I have pushed through and climbed anyway and lived my life, so from a
mindset perspective I'm getting there. I would just like to not feel pain is
all.

I feel a little better this morning than I did yesterday morning, so let's hope
that a physical rest day will help. I would like to do some grip training but
otherwise keep it low-key.

Happy Friday!
