---
title: "2025 02 08"
date: 2025-02-08T11:37:48-05:00
---

When I say "rest day," I mean _**rest day**_. This is just what's on my mind
today.<!--more-->

As I wrote about at length, it hasn't been the best couple of weeks for my back.
I think I'm turning a corner, maybe, sort of, but I don't want to jinx it. Once
again it isn't terribly bad or anything, but it's enough to keep me off the wall
and that's no good.

So it's Saturday and we have virtually no plans. `$KID` is at his drum lesson
for another hour and I have to go pick him up but other than that I am going to
camped out at home all day. Probably mostly on this here heating pad, which does
really help at least for a short time but also feels *so, so good*.

We'll have our friends over for dinner later with the kids, so they can all play
together. "Our friends" in this instance is `$WIFE`'s best friend from childhood
who is also my belay buddy. We always have some good conversation and `$WIFE` is
going to make "street cart chicken," which is like a home recipe version of what
they sell out of the "Chicken and Rice Guys" food truck in Boston. One of my
all-time favorite meals.

{{< dots >}}

Coffee discovery continues. I received the four additional samples from the
other roaster (I think I already wrote about this), so today I'm planning to cup
the second three samples from the first roaster, at least.

The second roaster's "sample" bags are so big I've just been brewing them in the
morning, and so far `$WIFE` has liked them all. I have a harder time
differentiating although I think I liked the Costa Rica more than the Guatemala
or Sumatra. There was also a Colombia and I think I liked that one second most.

More to report after some proper tasting.

{{< dots >}}

I've started idly consuming music theory content (again), but this time rather
than watching videos about overall theory, I've been looking up trance and EDM
howtos, which tend to be more focused on the rhythms and chord progressions you
hear in dance music. So far so good? I guess?

I do think some level of comfort with scales and keys, which I have no choice
but to learn by rote, is a baseline factor in my ability to do any sort of
composition. Sure, I can bang around at random, but I actually don't get a lot
of gratification from that. I prefer to know the mechanisms at work.

It's true that the OP-1 is "hard mode" for this kind of experimentation, but at
the same time, it forces you to be pretty deliberate, and I think that's
actually good even if it's a little frustrating at times.

{{< dots >}}

We are supposed to get quite a dumping of snow overnight so we'll see how that
impacts our plans for tomorrow. Obviously `$WIFE` is committed to going climbing
even if it has to wait until later in the day. Meanwhile I'm over here uncertain
if I can ever climb again (that's hyperbole). I can't do any more than see what
tomorrow feels like.

Cautious optimism is the name of the game. And steady, continuous commitment to
the work. That applies to so many things.
