---
title: "2025 01 20 2"
date: 2025-01-20T16:44:40-05:00
---

Life updates as we head into the rest of the week.<!--more-->

We have had a pretty lovely little snow day today. It's MLK, Jr. Day so we
didn't have to work, and `$kid` didn't have school, and it actually snowed all
night long, so it felt just right to sit around and play Stardew Valley.

I did get outside to clear the snow off of the cars and driveway and I'm
counting that as my "strength activity" for the day, which I typically do on top
of my basic PT stretching on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. I've been playing
with some new ways of staying active during the week and maybe I'll have more on
that as it comes into focus.

It's been a fairly chaotic or tumultuous or challenging few days here for...
Well, mostly for people other than me. `$wife` has been challenged by a severe
bout of insomnia (or [delayed sleep phase][dsp], or something), and `$kid` badly
stubbed one of his toes to the point where he was limping for a couple of days
and then yesterday out of nowhere threw up a few times.

[dsp]: https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/delayed-sleep-phase/symptoms-causes/syc-20353340

It feels like we're rounding the bend on things ever so gradually here, but it
may be a rocky work week for `$wife` if things don't get steadily better.

Tomorrow we will do our regular "family climb" and it is my intention to do the
lead climbing "test" with my belay buddy as well. This will give us the tag that
we need to freely lead climb in the gym, which is practice for doing actual
sport routes outdoors in the spring.

I did go meet up with my belay buddy yesterday and we did some practice climbs
and practice falls, which went basically perfectly. Almost too perfectly. The
test requires that we can demonstrate leading a 5.9 and doing at least one
fall/catch (one fall as climber and one catch as belayer). We did all of that
and it felt great overall.

Leading a 5.9 definitely makes it feel like a 5.10, some of those bigger moves
feel way bigger after you've been hanging for a bit while clipping, and you
sometimes have to shift around more to get into and out of good clipping
positions. It adds a new and exciting difficulty to all climbs!

On top of that excitement, I have a podcast recording session where we're
finally narrowing in on our title, tagline, and intro, and then later in the
week I have a prospecting call with a potential coaching client. It would be
great to land a client in Q1, though I'm committed to working only with folks
who are a great fit for me.

Here it is January 20th already. Time just slips by sometimes, doesn't it? It'll
be Valentine's Day before we know it.

Me, I'm just looking forward to spring.
