---
title: "2024 12 30"
date: 2024-12-30T17:20:08-05:00
---

I wanted to make a confessional joke about how many days it's been since I
posted but I couldn't make it work. It's been six days.<!--more-->

Christmas happened, we saw a lot of people, I had a lot of anxiety, I ate a lot
of cannabis edibles, we exchanged a bunch of presents, watched a lot of climbing
documentaries, built a lot of Lego, and now here we are.

I am grappling with the fact that tomorrow is, somehow, suddenly and without
warning, the last day of 2024. It really feels like it just appeared out of thin
air with no advance notice and I would prefer to be informed in advance next
time so that I can be sure to have my affairs in order.

As it stands, I'd say my affairs are... Halfway in order.

I did my annual wrap-up exercise, but I feel like I need to revisit it tonight
or tomorrow just to see if there are new ideas I should introduce, and also to
make sure I'm carrying the good ideas into the new year effectively. It's kind
of a pointless exercise if you don't convert the ideas into actions. So, what
will those be?

One of my stated goals turned out to be pretty easy: I said I wanted to figure
out the situation with this crossing signal at the bus stop crosswalk on our
street, so yesterday I emailed some town administration folks and I got the
answer that it was approved and is awaiting budgeting (which could fall through,
but as of right now the project is "alive").

So, that's one check mark for 2025 and the year hasn't even started yet. I guess
I should backfill that goal.

As with all of our "vacations" since having a kid, this one has felt like a
pretty nice separation from the thought cycle of the regular work week, but
not always as "relaxing" as maybe I would want it to be. Will I feel energized
to return to work? I hope so. Having a routine again will probably feel nice.

I have taken a break from coaching for a little while, after my previous clients
all wound down, and I'm ready now to resume, which means "doing marketing" or
whatever. I hate marketing and advertising, and I try to approach it in the most
authentic way that I can, but it always feels like a slog to me. Nevertheless, I
will resume daily activities this week. This probably means spending a lot more
time on *LinkedIn*. Ugh.

I shall post later with the results of our New Years Eve charcuterie. Stay tuned.
