---
title: "2025 03 30 15 11"
date: 2025-03-30T15:11:22-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Pink 5.7 (lead)
 - Yellow 5.8 (lead)
 - Black 5.8 (lead)
 - Yellow 5.9 (lead)
 - Blue 5.9 (lead)
 - Purple 5.9
 - White 5.10
 - Lime 5.10+
---

Field trip to the taller-walls gym and sport climbing plans.<!--more-->

I went on a much-anticipated field trip with `$BELAY_BUDDY` this morning down to
Lincoln, RI to climb at the gym there that has somewhat taller walls. Our "home
gym" only has three clips on lead climbs so basically by the time you've started
you're already done. This one has five clips, which, paired with the additional
height, makes it a better training ground.

Eventually we'll work our way up to the other regional gym chain that has a
nearby location with something like eight clips, but one step at a time.

We sent some stuff.

{{< sends >}}

I did the 10 and 10+ as warm-ups (as well as some other lower grade one I don't
remember and didn't note), then we led for a while, which was great practice and
I think we both felt very positive about the opportunity to just clip more times
and get those motions down.

Then at the very end I attempted a red 5.11 on TR and got pumped out of my mind
and fell off it. I give myself a lot of credit for getting a couple moves beyond
what felt like my brick-wall limit.

I did the purple 5.9 on TR and then we "cooled down" on auto-belays, but of
course I had to try another red 5.11, which I also could not send, but that one
felt a lot more like I *could* do it and was just too pumped. I might have
stayed to work it a bit more if I'd brought a *power banana*, but I regret that
I did not.

On that last 11, I was able to focus on my footwork and I made it feel a whole
lot easier, but I still got pumped out on the first big move, and that was
fatigue plain and simple. The footwork thing, though, was a little bit
revelatory. On my first attempt, I found myself doing stuff like cutting loose
to swap feet and not paying attention to my center of gravity enough. On my
second attempt I made it a priority to keep as much weight on my toes as
possible and I found good positions to maneuver through it with a lot less
strain on my fingers.

I hope I'll be able to go back for that one before it's gone, it seems like a
fun one.

{{< dots >}}

The rest of the day today should be leisurely, I don't typically do my chores on
Sunday except for the dishes (which I do every day, anyway). Tomorrow is Eid,
which we don't observe, but the schools do, so that'll be interesting.

I'm doing an intro coaching call in the morning but otherwise I have a pretty
normal workday and plenty to do, so weaving that through childcare will be fun
as usual.

This week is my *tenth wedding anniversary*, which is technically on Thursday,
but due to work scheduling stuff, we decided to take Friday off and observe it
then. I think we're going to do an escape room and get lunch and who knows what
else. Should be good times!
