---
title: "2024 09 30"
date: 2024-09-30T19:15:11-04:00
---

Peak Design is amazing and they're not paying me to say that. I still have a
cold, though.

I've used Peak Design photography gear for years. I have the backpack, tech
pouch, field pouch, wash pouch, the wrist strap, neck strap, capture clip, and
maybe more. Big fan of their innovation, build quality, and lifetime warranty.

So I took the leap and I bought their phone case and mounts. They call it
"Slimlink." It's a very clever combination of very strong magnets and (optional)
metal-on-metal retaining clip.

I got the wireless charging vent mount for my car, and the "Out Front bike mount
v2" for my bike. Both have exceeded my expectations, and once more, they're not
paying me to say this. In fact, I paid them, a lot.

First off I don't know how I came this far in life without bringing magnets into
my phone mounting situation. I was on my second car vent mount; one of those
deals with wireless charging and motorized side clamps that grab the phone when
you put it in.

At least half the time, though, the clamp would hit the volume button just right
and turn the volume down to zero. The vent attachment on my latest one was the
closest to "right" that I've had, a clip with a small catch on the end that
would grab the back edge of the vent, and a threaded tightening screw that you
can really bear down on.

But the Peak Design one, oh boy, just blows that thing out of the water. First,
it's like 1/4 of the size. Second, it's entirely made of milled aluminum in a
beautiful matte black finish. Third, it has a combination hook to snag the back
of a vent *and* separate rubber gripper part to stabilize on another vent.

When mounted and tightened down, it feels absolutely rock solid. Then there is
an arm that swivels so you can position your phone relative to the vent opening
however you want. This has revealed dashboard buttons I previously couldn't see.

I realize that I'm gushing here, but, this is my micro-blog so I can write
whatever I want and you can't stop me.

The phone is attached to the car mount by magnets alone, and they are *strong*.
It takes a little getting used to to just yank the phone off, but you can kind
of muscle it because the mount is so solidly attached, it doesn't even move.

Finally I also got the bike mount, which uses magnets to pull the phone into the
right spot and then small metal clips snap into a metal frame on the back of the
phone case. This inseparable connection is what makes you feel okay riding some
rough terrain with your $1,000 phone floating out there.

I'm definitely going to give it a solid run when the wife and I do a 20-mile
out-and-back on Friday!

In other news I caught a cold last Thursday and it rages on. I couldn't breathe
through my nose all night and now I have a splitting headache and I hope this is
all over soon.
