---
title: "2025 04 30 05 22"
date: 2025-04-30T05:22:10-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Pink V2
 - Green V3
 - Orange V4
 - Dark pink 5.9
 - Dark pink 5.10
 - Pink 5.11
---

Send log; the continuing rollercoaster of back pain.<!--more-->

#### Climbing

Had a rather unexpectedly good climbing session yesterday evening and sent a few
top rope routes:

{{< sends >}}

I started out on boulders as we often do, I felt a little burned out
psychologically from the high-altitude leading on Sunday and just wanted to stay
low and try some of the new stuff.

The new pink V2 is cool, it has a heel hook that I'm too tall to need but it's
there; it also has a pretty neat side pull at the start. The green V3 gave
`$BELAY_BUDDY` some challenge and took me two attempts because I misread the
last move, but I finished it with a one-hand swing that was pretty fun.

The orange V4 also took me two attempts but I can't even attribute that to
anything other than not trying hard enough. Fun little climb, not terribly
difficult or interesting.

I tried on a couple of V5s and got *very* close on an orange one and saw a
glimmer of hope of maybe being able to some day do a pink one (which `$WIFE`
flashed). I take that back, I am certain that I can do it, on the right day.

I spent a few attempts figuring out the middle of the orange one and came up
with a very Lara Croft campus move that feels incredible to do, moving from two
nearby juggy holds in a crossed-arms position into just a full cut-loose hang.
That beta unlocked the climb for `$WIFE` who then sent it, and I came close but
wanted to conserve my energy and felt my back starting to pinch which I'll
discuss in the next section.

There is virtually no way I could have done that move, or maybe even most of the
orange V5, a few months ago. It can be really hard to perceive progress in
climbing apart from raw grades (which is certainly imprecise), so I'm trying to
pay more attention to moves in isolation.

{{< dots >}}

I suggested to `$BELAY_BUDDY` that we move to ropes and she was game, having had
the fall on Sunday and not feeling confident in falling off of boulders, so we
both wanted to get some nice, safe top rope time.

There were a couple of new ones that I wanted to have a go at, and one that I
missed when climbing with `$WIFE` weeks ago, and my project route---the pink
5.11---which, spoiler alert, I sent.

`$BELAY_BUDDY` had a go at a black 5.11 that I previously sent with `$WIFE`, a
very challenging start with no footholds where you have to just smear laterally
across the (rather shiny) wall. She didn't get it this time but it's very hard
and took me a bunch of tries to figure out and it's extremely exhausting to
smear like that.

So then we both did the dark pink 5.9, which felt like a nice snack, a couple
cool moves in it, I flashed it. This one starts under the "arch" and moves up
onto the front face. There are three holds on the left to get you up, then two
holds on the right where you have to almost rock over and pull up into them,
then a big reach back to the left again which puts you in a cool spread-arms
position for the last two moves, a big reach up to the end.

We moved to the other side, the so-called "lead wall" and had a crack at the new
dark pink 5.10, which features three vertically stacked pockets and a long
diagonal textured hold that is a rock formation that I can't recall the name of.

I found the top to be pretty tricky but flashed, and `$BELAY_BUDDY` sent it in
a couple of attempts. This is one where, depending on how you read it, you can
end up with the wrong hand in a pocket and just get stuck there, which was what
happened to her the first time. There's no real way to swap hands other than
down-climb and do the section over again.

That was a pretty fun one, the top is more slopey and I found it to be a little
touch-and-go, but cool.

{{< dots >}}

Finally, the pink 5.11. The time had come to face my project.

This climb is *challenging*. When I last attempted it, `$WIFE` belayed me and I
literally could not get past the first move. There's no doubt that I was tired
and that was the main hurdle for me, I couldn't pull into the move in a way that
intellectually I thought should be easy, which is always a sign that you're just
tapped out.

Nevertheless, I had seen `$WIFE` get up to maybe the second-to-last move, but
had never gotten past the start, so I had some idea of the beta but no hands-on
experience of it.

This time, I quickly figured out a start that works for me with my height, where
I just leap up onto a high foot, and this time I was able to execute the first
move repeatedly so clearly I was better-rested in this session. The climb is
semi-exposed and requires careful body position to stay close to the wall. It
moves up the exposed section to the left of the corner, and then onto an arete,
and then ends on the right side of the corner.

Turning the corner is the crux. The tension and body angle management is
difficult. I was able to get up to the crux on my first or second attempt and
fell off while turning the corner, so I rested on the rope for a little bit and
then pulled back on and tried to work that out.

I figured out how to move my feet up and how to pull up into the slopey foothold
on the right side, and then I practiced the final move which is a long, high
lunge to the end hold, which is also a pretty bad sloper. I was able to nail the
end move a few times so I was pretty sure at that point that if I could turn the
corner I could get it.

`$BELAY_BUDDY` had a crack while I rested, she got part way up and felt done, so
we swapped back.

On this one, I got to the top and fell off again attempting to turn the corner.
At that point I theorized that if I could get my left foot even higher, which
would be a real stretch for me, I'd have the balance right and could pull it
off.

I rested a bit on the ground and had another go, and on this one I nailed it. I
was able to get my left foot up very high, which did help, and then my right
foot slipped trying to get onto the last hold and I almost lost it, but I held
on enough to try again and pulled through.

Sending this climb felt incredible. It's technical and powerful and took me two
sessions and maybe, I don't know, six attempts probably? It is a solid 11, for
me, that takes that many tries.

Once again, this was a climb that felt impossible at first, and eventually I
unlocked segments of the beta until it was doable, and that always feels the
most rewarding.

#### Back rehab

This is already a novel, but I've been feeling pinching in my back since
Saturday. I went in for acupuncture and as I probably wrote back then, it was a
rough session. I climbed Sunday on the tall walls and only felt it toward the
end, took Monday off, and climbed yesterday.

I took two ibuprofen yesterday before heading to the gym and overall it was
manageable but I was feeling it by the time we left. I woke up this morning
still feeling it, so it seems like more rest is in order for me.

I will probably take more ibuprofen today and see if that smooths things out,
which it usually does. I have a nice slow work day, mostly heads-down, so that
should help as well.

Tonight is `$KID`'s pre-team practice so I'll be back at the gym regardless. I'm
going to "call an audible" on whether I climb or not. I have a work meeting to
dial into, too, but it's sort of a read-only meeting so I'll potentially do an
ARC training session while listening or I'll just sit on my ass.

We'll see how the day goes.
