---
title: "2025 04 28 06 28"
date: 2025-04-28T06:28:00-04:00
---

Climbing tall walls, back rehab status, D&D, and resuming my routines.<!--more-->

#### Tall walls

Yesterday, as predicted, the weather was shit so we didn't climb outside and
instead met up at a Central Rock Gym. `$BELAY_BUDDY` and I had to do the belay
and lead tests, while `$WIFE` and her belay buddy had been to a different CRG a
few times so they were already cleared.

At that other location, it had taken `$WIFE` two tries to pass the lead test,
and another woman in their group still hasn't fully passed after *four tries*.
Meanwhile I had heard from another buddy of mine that the test was "very easy,"
so I went in unsure what to expect.

At this location, they have a section of wall dedicated to orientation and
testing, which is superb, because this way you don't have to try to squeeze in
between actual climbers. To our relief, the lead test climb was a 5.8 rather
than a 5.9, and the staffer told us to take a fall after "four or five" clips.

The tests all went smoothly. The belay test was fine, and the lead test went as
well as we could have hoped, he had some tips for us on giving slack a bit more
generously, but I think we both were just being conservative because of our
experience on mostly shorter walls where it's simply less safe to be generous.

So then right out of the gate I led a black 5.8 with an overhang section, which
I did send, but holy shit was it touch and go. I was shaking like a leaf at the
top and I had also briefly grabbed a yellow hold in a desperate attempt to stay
on the wall. I guess I can't call that a clean flash, but it was good practice
and very humbling. It's quite likely that I was not warmed up enough to do that
climb and I came down feeling tapped out.

We switched over to a red 5.7 and both led it easily, then we did a blue 5.8 and
that was also fine. Neither of those had an overhang section so they felt a lot
more straightforward.

I'm probably forgetting stuff, but `$WIFE` and her belay buddy were off climbing
crazy stuff and they convinced my belay buddy to try this tan 5.10- that's like
75% overhung with a very steep middle section, and during that one she fell off
in mid-clip under the roof and swung right into the wall.

She fell basically as well as could be expected but bumped her head and that
ended the session for her, she is fine but was pretty pumped and tired by that
point and called it a day.

I think there's a chance I could have jumped backwards to take some of the slack
out faster, but that might have only made her swing shorter and harder so it's
tough to know if there was anything better to be done. I think she could have
called "take" a bit earlier and prepared herself to fall so she could have swung
into the wall feet-first a bit more, but sometimes in the moment you can't make
it happen.

At some point here we decided to chill from the leading and switched to top rope
and we both took a pass at an orange 5.10. `$BELAY_BUDDY` got about halfway and
came off, and I flashed it with some difficulty. There was a challenging gaston
style hold in the middle and I found that pretty pumpy but did pull it off somehow.

After she left I decided to go explore the rest of the gym that I hadn't even
seen yet; there is a whole upstairs area with shorter walls and a small gym and
stuff. I found some auto-belays and flashed a black 5.10 and took a few attempts
on a white 5.10+ but I was getting very tired at this point.

I looked over the railing to see `$WIFE` belaying her buddy on what I think was
a 5.11 climb and he ran out of steam and called "take" and inexplicably started
trying to down-climb, perhaps to get closer to his last clip, but in that
process he was introducing more slack than `$WIFE` could quickly take up and he
slipped, his foot must have caught on a hold, and he flipped upside down!

Now of course harnesses are designed for this, it is as safe to land upside down
as right side up, at least theoretically. It's probably not comfortable but if
you have tightened your harness correctly it is OK. That said, I think this was
avoidable if, again, he had called "take" and waited (if he had energy to
down-climb he probably could have waited), and/or he could have pushed off in
order to land on his feet on the wall, which is also something probably worth
practicing.

All in all, I came away feeling like I still have a lot of work to do to
improve my overall endurance on these longer routes, and as a result of that I
felt less sure of myself leading anything higher than 5.8, and especially not
with extended overhung areas. Goals!

At the end, `$WIFE` and her buddy were cooling down on some top ropes, so I
joined them and asked for a belay on a cool-looking black 5.10 with two crack
sections made out of neat volumes and we all ended up doing it. That was
probably the most fun climb of the session.

#### Rehab

I don't know if it's fair to call it "rehab" since there wasn't any specific
event that caused this state of affairs, apart from 15 years of terrible chair
posture. I can point to a specific, pink V4 boulder that set it off this time,
but it feels a little unfair to blame it.

That said, I'm calling it rehab anyway so deal with it.

I had my third acupuncture appointment on Saturday and that one felt the worst
of the three so far. I think I was having some stress or I was just tired or
something because a lot of the needles pinched going in, which they don't
usually, and I got really stuffed up laying there, so all-in-all it wasn't the
most comfortable.

My back was not feeling too great throughout Saturday and I was nervous about
the climb on Sunday, but it went OK in the end. I did feel it pinching a little
during the climb and maybe I could have taken some Advil, but I think it was the
right call not to push myself too hard.

Post-climb, it's feeling pretty good, so at least the climb didn't seem to make
it worse, and I'm still feeling optimistic about the trend. We have much
climbing to do, and there will be some really long drives and flights this
summer, so hopefully I get to a place where that isn't excruciatingly painful.

Compared to last summer, it's miles better.

#### D&D

Finally, after the climb, we came home and hung around a bit and got cleaned up,
and then we went to resume the D&D campaign we've been sporadically playing with
a small group of friends (six of us in all). We only vaguely remembered what was
happening since the last we'd played was months ago, but it was a good time and
I think we're feeling more ready now to continue the story in June.

#### Routines

It is going to feel good to get back into our routines this week. How much
climbing I do will---as always---depend on how my back is feeling, but it will
be nice to have an otherwise normal work week.

We do get Friday off, though, so it's a short one. I don't think the weather is
going to be good enough to climb outside, so maybe we'll just go to a gym in the
morning so `$WIFE` can take a meeting in the afternoon and I'll come home and
watch TV or whatever.
