---
title: "2025 02 17"
date: 2025-02-17T14:14:02-05:00
tags:
- sends
---

Climbing log, recovery update, etc.<!--more-->

#### Climbing log

We climbed at South Boston today, for yucks. I mostly toproped with
`$BELAYBUDDY` while `$WIFE` and a couple of other guys worked on their boulder
projects. I never go to South Boston so I have no projects there.

 - Random V1, V2, and V3 (flashed all)
 - Yellow V4 (flash!)
 - Yellow 5.10 (flash)
 - Maroon 5.9 (flash)

Was feeling pretty mid today and fairly low-energy. My FitBit "readiness" score
is 15 (out of 100!) It's been pretty low lately and I've ignored it and climbed
anyway. More on this in the next section.

I feel great about flashing the V4, to at least prove that I am at a "can flash
a V4" level still, and the yellow 5.10 was not too difficult.

I failed to send an orange 5.10 and a pink 5.10 and I want to have another go at
both of them when I don't feel like I'm carrying the weight of the world on my
shoulders. It was good to move, though.

I sent some other lower-grade toprope stuff and that was all fun. There are some
clever 8s and 9s there.

I left feeling exhausted but it was a worthwhile way to spend half a holiday
while `$KID` is at climbing camp.

#### Recovery

My lower back felt like it turned a corner for real on Friday, so I felt OK
committing to the ice climbing. I took a ton of Advil to manage the remaining
discomfort and it went fine overall, except for the car, as I wrote about.

Yesterday I laid here on this heating pad for most of the day, which was lovely,
and I figured I'd just play it by ear on today's climbing date. I felt good
enough about it this morning to just deal with it and go.

It has not been perfect, and I did take just two Advil at breakfast as a hedge,
but I'd say overall it was good, I could feel a little pinch now and then but
for the most part I'm functional.

Now I'm hoping that going into tomorrow I can begin to feel more confident about
it. It does feel like I'm in the home stretch here.

{{< dots >}}

Relatedly, though it's extremely difficult to measure objectively, I've been
sensing a lot of progress in my hip mobility lately. I can get deeper into a
child's pose now, and I've been working on my hip adductor stretches, too. So
far, even when my back is flaring up, I have still been able to do all the
stretching.

The hamstrings are a lot slower and I think I have made progress over the months
but it's harder to sense it because it's so slight and gradual. Similarly, I
still can't actually do a "figure four" stretch so instead I do a sort of
decomposed figure four and I sense a bit of progress there.

Stretching is not a thing you do because you want to race to a finish line.
There is no finish line. You just keep doing it and over time you can bend a
little further but there's no reason to ever stop. I probably have the most
stretching discipline of almost anyone I know.

I'm coming up on seven months of regular PT, every day. I have missed only two
days that I know of. That's more consistent than I've ever been with basically
anything. Except *fucking Duolingo*.
