---
title: "2025 02 09"
date: 2025-02-09T06:05:01-05:00
---

Coffee, Stardew Valley, snow, etc.<!--more-->

Coffee adventures continue. Last night I brewed some Muddy Water Costa Rica and
just drank it black and quite enjoyed it. I'm feeling pretty good about ordering
a bag of that.

This morning I brewed Muddy Water Colombia and it's definitely way more bitter,
at least at my current grind level (roughly sea salt coarseness). The Colombia
is a darker roast and so I considered grinding it even coarser, but that'll be
an experiment for a later date I think.

I just really do not taste these subtle flavor notes in virtually any coffees.
"Chocolate," "toffee," "black cherry," etc. I don't get it. It tastes like
coffee. I can detect differences in the coffees but can't name them. I was
always like this with wine, too. A flavor has to smack me in the face for me to
get it.

{{< dots >}}

Spoilers, if you give a shit.

I unlocked Qi's Walnut Room on Ginger Island and I'm slowly working on quests
for the raccoons but it's starting to feel like I'm not sure what I'm really
going after anymore. My "big quest" that I'm building up to is reaching level
100 in the Skull Cave.

In order to do that I've been gathering up what I need to make a shitload of
Lucky Lunches, but I'll also need a ton of bombs. I'm just going to bomb the
hell out of every level until stairs appear, eat cheese to keep health and
energy up, and let luck do its thing.

To that end I've been growing loads of Blue Jazz and I have two ponds full of
sea cucumbers, both are almost at 10. After I reach level 100 though, I'm really
not sure what's next. It feels so distant because I've been hung up on all these
seasonal things (like Blue Jazz, which I learned about seasons ago and had to
wait for spring).

The Walnut Room missions also seem intensely difficult.

{{< dots >}}

It snowed overnight, the most that it has so far this winter. At a guess, we got
4-5 inches. That's probably snowblower level (there are only two levels: ignore
it and drive over it, and snowblower) so I guess I have to do that at some
point.

I'm not looking forward to it today. It's cold, at about 26, and it's only going
to get to like 33 later anyway. As long as it's on the fluffier side and the
snowblower rips through it, it should be fine, though.

{{< dots >}}

My back still feels pretty sore. I didn't take any Advil yesterday and I spent a
lot of time lazing around. I do feel that it's improving. Nevertheless, this
snow won't clear itself off the driveway, and of course the family wants to go
climbing. I don't know if I can or should.

Next Saturday we're driving up to New Hampshire to go on a guided ice climbing
trip. The first time any of us have tried it, which is sure to be interesting.
And also cold. And it's like a 2.5-hour drive, which is another thing my back
doesn't love to do.

This is creating a large amount of anxiety for me because I don't know what I'll
feel like by then, and whether I should risk doing any climbing today, or this
week at all. But of course I feel left out and left behind when I don't. I will
have to evaluate carefully after dealing with the snow.

{{< dots >}}

I left this open and took care of the driveway. That went well enough but it did
start snowing again. I think at this point I'd say my back is still at 80%. Oh
well.
