---
title: "2024 12 12"
date: 2024-12-12T06:52:11-05:00
---

I think it's going to be a good day, so what do I need to do to ensure it?<!--more-->

#### Agenda

It's meeting-free Thursday at `$job`, which isn't always fully honored, but it
looks like today will be a real one. I am desperately in love with the feeling
of seeing an empty calendar. I think it's a function of how meeting-intensive my
last couple of roles were and how much that drained me.

I didn't get to do all the stuff yesterday that I meant to; things always take
longer than you anticipate and other stuff comes up, so today is going to be a
bit of "catch up" in that regard. It's nice to have all the time to do it and
the only thing I need to actually manage is my attention.

I may run out at some point and grab a quickdraw at REI so that I can do
clipping practice at home, but I'm uncertain how to get a short length of
dynamic rope, which would be the ideal way to practice. Using cordelette
"works," but the diameter is so much smaller, I would think that the whole
feeling of it would be off.

Another thing on my list is wrapping some Christmas gifts, but `$wife` insists
that children must have colorful wrapping paper and we don't have anything that
feels right, which means I can't wrap those until I have some. I can wrap her
things, though, and might do one or two during breaks in concentration today.

I also received an additional PTPX postcard address, so I need to plot another
postcard for that person, and then finally mail all of these out. I don't know
if today is going to feel like an "errands day" but I'd rather be early than
late. Last year I received PTPX postcards well into the new year.

#### Recovery report

I felt some more soreness in my back while waking up in bed this morning and I
wonder if going to the gym on Tuesday did something, but things are still
feeling pretty good, and I'm hopeful that I'll be up for the next few sessions
coming up.
