---
title: "2025 04 16 06 27"
date: 2025-04-16T06:27:33-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Purple 5.6 (left hand only)
 - Yellow 5.9
 - Black 5.11
 - White 5.12-
---

Acupuncture, climbing, everything else.<!--more-->

I had my second acupuncture treatment yesterday and I think it went pretty well.
Only one of the needles really stung, and I was able to get into a bit of a more
comfortable position. We did more like 45 or 50 minutes this time, too, so to
the extent that time matters hopefully that will help? What do I know, though.

We learned that our insurance seems to have no visit limit for acupuncture, so
I'm happy to go weekly for at least six treatments and see how things feel at
that point, then perhaps I'll just keep going monthly or so, because, why not?
Ultimately it's kind of a nice break in the day if nothing else.

A potential ancillary benefit: it's about an hour of time when I'm completely
required to just be with my thoughts. There's nothing else to do. Immobile,
prone, drifting in and out of the quiet yoga music they play in there. I'm
curious to see what else happens in that space.

{{< dots >}}

We had a really fun family climb. Our other friends who usually come on Tuesdays
couldn't make it, so it was `$WIFE` and `$KID` and I, and one other guy we see
there often. We played on some boulders, I was feeling pretty tapped out for an
unknown reason and sent nothing new there, and then we moved to some top ropes.

{{< sends >}}

There were a few new top ropes to try out. We started with a pink 5.11 and
`$WIFE` got maybe a move or two from the end, it is a very technical climb. I
got on it and basically couldn't start it. I did feel like I wasn't pulling with
full power, but it also felt like I was missing some crucial beta or something.
This one will need more work.

From there we moved to a crazy black 5.11 that is set such that you have to
smear your way up the first several holds with no footholds at all. I got past
what I believe is the crux (passing from the overhang to the vertical wall), but
couldn't swap feet from that position and I came off. I got back on with my
other foot and figured out the top part, which was not complicated.

`$WIFE` proceeded to basically flash it; it took her a couple tries to start but
she did the climb unbroken so I think we could count it as a flash. On my next
try I also got it, now knowing which foot to lead with. This one was really fun,
such a different type of climb than we normally see.

From there we jumped on a yellow 5.9 slab, `$WIFE` killed it because she's the
slab queen, and I also sent it with more difficulty and less gracefulness. She
wanted to try the adjacent purple 5.7 one-handed and handily flashed it, so I
had to try it as well and also flashed it one-handed.

On the other side was a white 5.12- that looked more straightforward than its
grade so we gave that a try. We both flashed it, which at least in my mind
confirms that maybe the grade is a little off. I'd call it an 11, though.

I wear my Google Pixel Watch 3 when I climb (and also all the time) and use it
to track my workouts, which is the main reason I bought it. I like to start an
"indoor climbing" workout and keep an eye on my heart rate to gauge how much
rest I should take between climbs.

The last couple of sessions I've noticed my heart rate going way higher than
usual during a climb. Typically I will hit 150, but this past week I've been
getting up there on warmup climbs and after a couple of those 5.11s I hit 160,
which is "peak" level in the Fitbit world.

I can't help but think there is something else going on here, maybe some latent
illness, maybe some other dynamic. I feel otherwise fine so I'm sure it will all
settle out, but I mention it because this is where I mention things.

{{< dots >}}

We'll be off to Canada in just a couple of days. A lot needs doing before we
leave and I have to make a list. My work laptop battery inflated and I await a
replacement, our mini-split equipment is due to be delivered tomorrow, and we
have to pack our bags and everything as well.

On top of that we're meant to have dinner with friends tomorrow evening, I am
going to slip out to the gym again today to do another ARC session, and then we
fly out very early on Friday morning. I mean 7am is not that early, but to get
there in time we'll have to be up pretty early.

This reminds me that I also need to get my photography stuff in order because
there's no way I go all the way up to Canada and don't bring my camera(s).

Just having that thought is triggering all of my cascading ideas about which bag
I should bring and what the occasion calls for. A casual city trip probably
doesn't warrant lugging around an entire Shimoda bag. But if I want to bring
this laptop I need to bring a bag it will fit into, which narrows it down to
two: the Shimoda or the Peak Design.

I shall reflect on this.

Time to make a todo list.
