---
title: "2025 05 07 13 58 Wednesday"
date: 2025-05-07T13:58:00-04:00
---

Continuing observations on back rehab, mind-body stuff, climbing, and the rest.<!--more-->

I woke up on Monday and my back was feeling pretty pinchy. I had enough pain
while walking that I didn't do my walk around the neighborhood after the bus
stop. I didn't do anything particularly strenuous for the rest of the day, I did
my normal routine, and I read that "Healing Back Pain" book and decided that it
was a revelation.

By the end of the day on Monday, I was feeling a lot better. "Is it possible to
read a book and cure back pain?" I wondered, aloud to myself in my empty house.

On Tuesday I decided to continue on this path of meditating, journaling about my
feelings, and not doing anything specific to physically treat my back. I didn't
lay on my heating pad, and I did my regular stretching routine but nothing
beyond that.

We went climbing and I was feeling pretty weak and tired. I don't know what to
attribute that to, but I didn't have a strong sesh. I got like 3/4 of the way
through my project V5, I sent a couple V1, V2, and V3 type things (maybe not
even a 3, I don't even know), and `$WIFE` and I did some top rope, but we only
did one 5.10 and a couple lower grades.

My hands hurt a lot, and I felt like I couldn't pull hard. But, my back felt
pretty much fine. "Pretty much fine" is sometimes as good as it feels, and I'm
thankful for that. Had I cracked the code? Was it all in my head?

{{< dots >}}

Today has felt more "iffy." The various accounts from the book often cite
anywhere from a week to four weeks of focusing on the mental game before
achieving results, so I'm willing to entertain the notion that this is part of a
process that is ongoing.

A lot of what I do regarding my back is part of a process that is ongoing.

I haven't felt pinching in the back, but I have felt some pain on the side of my
left hip. This has happened before, and usually passes. I'm not sure at this
point how much is part of my "original trauma" (whatever the hell that even
means) and how much is a result of going bouldering several times a week.
Climbing is not "low-impact," that's for sure.

I did a meditation session and I've tried to focus on my mental game. By early
afternoon, I developed a headache. I decided to take two ibuprofen for the
headache. I really try not to take it because I feel like it masks the symptoms
I'm trying to assess, but what the hell, I can't really focus on work with a
headache anyway.

{{< dots >}}

It is `$KID`'s pre-team climbing practice today and I am taking him. I have
decided to bring my stuff and probably try to climb a little. No expectations,
solo climbing, see what happens. Maybe it's the ibuprofen but I feel like I'm
physically able to climb, I am just not sure if I'm too tired.

I don't know if the ideas in this book actually apply to me or what, but it sure
seems like a credible perspective given that nobody else has been able to
provide what I'd call a "compelling" diagnosis.

But also, like that climate change comic that says "what if we make the world a
better place for nothing?" I have to believe that a meditation practice and more
focused reflection on my emotional state is a net positive.

I'll let y'all know how it goes.
