---
title: "2025 03 13 06 13"
date: 2025-03-13T06:13:27-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Green V4 (flash)
---

What a week it's been, and it's not even over yet. Elbow recovery, climbing, etc.<!--more-->

Last Sunday, `$WIFE` dislocated her right elbow---popped it right outta
there---and our climbing session became a day in the hospital. That went really
smoothly all-said, and we moved toward recovery.

Yesterday we had a follow-up with an orthopedic surgeon who specializes in
elbow, wrist, and hand stuff. They took more x-rays and concluded that
everything is 100% great, it's set perfectly, no fractures, no complications. It
looks like about a six-week recovery time and she can just work on flexing it
and using it and shouldn't need PT.

She'll have another follow-up in three weeks to make sure that progress is being
made, but we have no concerns at this point. It's super swollen and they gave
her a compression thing to help with that, but said it's completely normal.

She should be able to start driving again, so we're headed toward a return to
normalcy around the house, and given that it's been only a few days since the
injury that's pretty swell.

{{< dots >}}

At the end of yesterday's lead climbing session, we were hanging out with our
other gym friend who started encouraging me to try a V6 climb on a section of
wall our gym calls "the wave" (because that's what it looks like). This low,
overhung section is where they often set some pretty challenging stuff.

This tan V6 is definitely tough, but our friend said that the first move is the
"hardest" and while he's notoriously casual about very hard things, it's
definitely hard. I am able to do it mainly thanks to my reach, but the whole
climb requires a lot of pinching grip power.

Anyway, I was able to do the first couple of moves, let's call it three moves.
So naturally that climb started to live rent-free in my brain and I had to give
it another go.

So, in spite of having climbed for 2.5 hours yesterday, I decided to climb
during `$KID`'s pre-team practice, since I had to take him there anyway.

I also wanted to try this new green V4 that `$KID` had worked on, and which that
same gym friend said took him a few tries because the middle is awkward or
sketchy. I gave it a go, and while I agree that the middle is sketchy, I did
flash it. I cut loose where I think it could be avoided but the rest was fine.

I worked on the tan V6 for a bit and locked in the first four moves or so. I got
further than yesterday, which was the goal. It's a difficult climb for sure, it
definitely pushes my edge of my ability, which makes it a great project.

I felt good about making progress but was feeling too tapped out to keep
hammering on it since the beginning is so powerful and it's hard to get up there
any other way so I let it go for now.

Uncertain what to do next, I noticed that the Tension Board (it's a brand!) area
was empty and I hadn't really gotten to play on it much since they put it in (it
used to be a plain spray board and they just recently installed this Tension
one). This is the thing where there are a couple hundred holds with little
lights under them and you use a phone app to pick a climb and it lights up which
ones you can use.

I have been told that the climbs in the app are dramatically sandbagged, meaning
that their grades are low for the perceived difficulty. I decided to see what
some V0 climbs felt like. I did a series of V0s and even `$KID` got in on the
fun during his pre-team "projecting time."

I threw up a random V1 and couldn't do it. Maybe at full strength I could do it,
or maybe that was a particularly bad one, I dunno. But sandbagging confirmed! A
big reason for the difficulty is that our board is at a fixed 25-degree angle,
which doesn't sound like much but it makes every climb way harder than it would
be if it was vertical.

And that concluded my second climbing day in a row, which I'm not 100% sure was
a great idea, but hey.

My back is maybe slightly regretting it but today will be a full rest day and
hopefully I'm training it to stop being a little sissy bitch, 'cause daddy's
gotta climb more. The brain is in charge here, so quit your whining!
