---
title: "2024 10 16"
date: 2024-10-16T06:41:57-04:00
---

Home improvement woes; climbing gym intrigue.<!--more-->

#### Home improvement

We got this new door for the back of the house, which opens onto the deck. It
took weeks to arrive, was delivered on a pallet, and apparently *has cracks in
it*. Of course we did not notice these cracks until the damn thing was
installed.

The door came from Home Depot, which is completely willing to discount it for
the damage or take it back for a full refund, but they apparently have no
remaining stock of this particular door. I'm bummed because I quite like the
overall look and design of this door.

So now I have to decide: do I replace this door with a "similar" one, do I buy
an unfinished door and stain it, or do I try to repair this door?

The cracks are at the bottom, near the edges, probably from how the door was
secured in shipping, and ultimately I don't think it's something anyone would
really notice, but the concern is water getting into the door and rotting it
out. I think if it could be sealed up quite well, it would probably be as good
as new.

Just more stressful junk to deal with.

#### Gym intrigue

Yesterday was supposed to be my first lead climbing class at our gym with my
buddy, but at some point mid-day we both got an email from the gym saying that
due to "staffing changes" the class would have to be canceled. I feel fairly
certain that the person teaching the class had an involuntary departure from
their role at the gym, if you'll forgive the soft language there.

That theory is further supported by the gym staff's unwillingness to share any
additional details, which is absolutely proper and fair. Nevertheless, I feel
bad about whatever happened, and bummed that I'll have to wait another couple of
weeks at least to do the first (of what is supposed to be two or three) lead
classes.

Of course I went climbing anyway, as we do on Tuesdays, and I took a swing at a
couple of 5.11 projects but didn't send any of them. I was feeling overall
pretty "high gravity," though I did manage to "victory lap" two other 5.11s and
a couple of 5.10s, to prove that I can at least hold onto *something*.
