---
title: "2025 02 27 21 21"
date: 2025-02-27T21:21:41-05:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Pink V4
 - Blue V4
 - Dark Black V4
 - Green V3
 - Black V3
 - Orange V2
 - Yellow V3
 - Purple V3
 - Purple V2
 - Yellow V2
---

Whoa, it's late.<!--more-->

Though I tweaked out my back a tiny bit at climbing yesterday, it has felt
increasingly OK today. It's still bugging me but it's less bad than other times.
I think with a bit more rest and maybe a couple Advil tomorrow I should be on
the mend.

I had a lovely breakfast with an old colleague this morning at a newish place in
town that I hadn't been to yet. Really good "veggie fix" omelette, hashbrowns,
and coffee. Definitely ate too much. I wasn't even hungry again until almost
3pm!

I actually had a pretty intense work day. Not the kind of chaos I used to
experience as a manager, but another one of those days where you sit down to do
a thing that you figure will probably take maybe an hour and instead it takes
five.

One part of it was realizing there was no test coverage to prove that what I was
doing was even working, and then the other was the tests revealing some
architectural stuff that I let slide in the various pivots and shifts of the
project. Got it all sorted out, though.

I'm going to do a casual talk tomorrow about Elasticsearch and because I'm a
total fucking wanker I bought one of those green/blue screens that you strap to
your chair so you can be a disembodied Twitch streamer and I can't wait to see
everyone's reactions.

`$WIFE` is out "night climbing" so I've just been watching YouTube and I'm
already getting tired so I guess I should turn in. I've been profoundly tired
this week and have fallen asleep even before 9 a couple of nights.

I might have a head cold or something. I don't really feel sick, but I've had
some mild headaches and my tinnitus is kicking up, which is usually a sign that
something is going on.

To bed, then.
