---
title: "2025 03 19 16 00"
date: 2025-03-19T16:00:53-04:00
---

Oh, hello. I didn't see you there. I went to the doctor today and that's about
all that happened to be honest but I'll tell you about it.<!--more-->

#### Healthcare is cooked

This is going to be a rant about how cooked the US healthcare system is and then
maybe I'll talk about my cholesterol or something. So listen, we all have a
doctor, right? Hopefully you have some kind of doctor, a "primary care
provider," or "PCP" as they call them.

I've been seeing this guy in downtown Boston for like thirteen years. My overall
sense of the guy is that he's experienced, well-meaning, not a shithead, and is
absolutely a microscopic cog in a giant, lumbering, sociopathic machine that
eats health insurance money and spits out pills.

Maybe that's being a little bit unfair to him, but the thing is, he only knows
my name because it appeared on his appointment schedule, and he only saw me
today because I literally *demanded* it, after which I had to actually negotiate
at length with some administrative assistant to get a date.

Now, look, I can see this in two ways: the generous interpretation is that I'm
healthy and don't need to have my ear canals eyeballed every year. There's an
objective truth to that; there's nothing wrong with my ear canals, there is
strong statistical proof that there shouldn't be, and if there were something
wrong I'd probably know it and tell someone.

But the other interpretation is that my doctor, who is essentially the only
person with enough information to advise me in matters of my health (and let's
remember, we get only one life, and one's health is the bedrock of it), probably
has a thousand patients and simply only sees the ones who are very ill.

We've reached a point where the "preventive care" prescription is that the Epic
MyCharts system that runs the sprawling practice I go to (and most of the other
ones, too) sends me automated messages saying "hey you're overdue for your
Hepatitis C vaccine," or whatever, and by the way it's mostly wrong.

So, what, I should welcome our new mechanical healthcare overlords? Well it's
certainly possible that prior to this setup, doctors were just forgetting to
advise patients to do certain things left and right and everyone was worse off.
I guess I can accept that. It sounds true.

{{< dots >}}

In any case, I said to the guy, you know, here we are on this video chat which
is the only way we've spoken to each other in several years, and maybe you'd
like to, I don't know, have me in for a physical? Like just, for the hell of it,
check things out?

Let me be clear, I'm pretty healthy. I'll talk all about my back problems and
elevated cholesterol and slight hypertension, but none of these things are
"immediately concerning" (or so I'm told), but for some reason it just seemed
off to me that I used to see a doctor every year and this guy is like "maybe
I'll have you come in in like five years or so."

So, I did it. I went in, I got checked out, and everything is fine. As fine as
it was before, anyway. They sure didn't brush me off, though. A med student
working with my doctor did almost an hour-long interview and really dug in on
all the things you're supposed to. What great practice for him!

So that's that, I'm as healthy as I can expect to be I guess. I'm doing
everything I can do. I should just keep doing it. Problem solved.

