---
title: "2025 02 13"
date: 2025-02-13T09:00:08-05:00
---

It's Thursday... My dudes? No that doesn't sound right. I like Thursdays,
though, generally. They are good days.<!--more-->

#### Attention

We try to do a "no-meetings" thing on Thursdays at `$JOB` so these are generally
my favorite days. I'm still struggling to recover from the management way of
working, which is where you essentially never reach a full flow state because
you're always getting interrupted by shit.

I don't even mean that management is so unpredictable that you are caught by
surprise, but rather that your day tends to be chopped into small segments such
that even when you're close to a flow state you're always kind of glancing at
the clock. It's been a really long time since I haven't glanced at the clock.

Perhaps I could cultivate that a bit more, work on it, try harder to make it
happen. I do have multiple hours of "uninterrupted" time, and I know that I can
be a lot more conservative about responding to realtime messages on Slack. I
think many of my colleagues at `$JOB` are more conservative than I am when it
comes to Slack.

#### Health update

The obligatory health update is that I woke up at 4am again, had to use the
bathroom, and while rising to do that, it felt that my back was almost "normal."
This elicited a thought like "finally!" in my head at the time. We're turning
the corner for real, maybe, now, though I don't want to jinx it.

The walk to the bus stop was good, PT was good, though it always seems to be
equal measures of "cause" and "cure." Now it feels sort of sore, but I haven't
felt much of the acute pinching, so I'm thinking that the inflammation is
finally coming down to a reasonable level.

I will try to use the ice pack more often, which is what I really should do, not
just a heating pad. It's good to use the heat before the PT movements because
it promotes blood flow and flexibility and yadda yadda, but I can be better
about using cold afterwards to treat the inflammation.

I also gave myself more permission to take some Advil, and so far I haven't
taken more than 600mg in a day, which is very little, and that's good.

Anyway, it's looking up, and I have only two days of rest before ice climbing,
so let's hope that every one of these experiences is also inching me closer to
being able to avoid them in the future. I really don't know how it works but I'd
like to believe that.

#### Stardew Valley

In Stardew Valley my major mission has been to reach level 100 in Skull Cave. I
read some stuff on Reddit or wherever and came to the conclusion that the best
way to do it is:

1. Make a ton of bombs and use them to blow up clusters of rocks to find ladders
   and holes quickly.

2. Go on a day that the Fortune Teller says it is going to be lucky.

3. Make and eat "Lucky Lunch" to further buff your luck, which helps increase
   the probability of finding ladders and holes.
   
4. Teleport to the desert first thing in the morning so you have all day to
   descend.

So, I did all of those things. It was a multi-season project just to learn the
recipe for Lucky Lunch (which I missed from the Queen of Sauce the first time,
so I had to just watch the re-runs every Wednesday and Sunday until I got it),
and then growing blue jazz, raising sea cucumbers, and growing corn for
tortillas was another huge endeavor (mainly waiting for the season to buy the seeds).

Now I have two fish ponds of sea cucumbers, I grew like 100 blue jazz, and I
made almost 200 tortillas. I mention this because I think one Lucky Lunch
carried me through the entire descent so what the fuck, I guess it's a good
thing I had *forty five of them*.

I also went into the original mines multiple times to collect enough iron ore to
make bombs and wound up making like 140 of them. I figured if I need to reach
level 100 and I need on average 1-2 bombs per level that I'd need more than 100.
What I didn't factor in (because I don't know how, statistically) is the holes
that can drop you 3-8 levels at once.

Redditors seemed to think that you could still pass the challenge if you use
fewer than 10 staircases, so I only used staircases on spiral levels to save the
time of trying to mine the rocks all the way around the spiral. That ended up
paying off big time.

Anyway **I did it on the first try**, though I hit level 100 at almost precisely
1:50am, just a few real-world *seconds* before I would pass out and wake up in
my bed at home. My heart was pounding as I hit level 95 and it was already
1:00am. Plenty of bombs, plenty of luck, just need to focus on healing and
blowing up as many rocks as I could, as fast as possible.

I achieved the goal, got the cutscene, got the reward, and the moment I was
placed back into the cave on level 100, I passed out and woke up at home. I was
going to just use my warp totem but I didn't even have a chance to select it.
Talk about cutting it close!!

Long story short, that was really the main big mission standing between me and
considering this game complete. I don't have a ton of desire to do all the Qi's
Walnut Room missions. I got the statue of perfection already.

I will probably go through the rest of the raccoon quests because I'm already a
few quests in and I want to see how it plays out, but other than that I don't
have any other big ambitions. I think I've played the game for something
approaching 200 hours so it's fine to let it go at this point. I can always just
pick it up again later if I want to.

I know a lot of people replay the game on a different starting farm and chase
different romantic partners and stuff like that, but, yeah, maybe some day. I'm
not sure what I'll do after this. Maybe I should read a book.
