---
title: "2024 10 02"
date: 2024-10-02T06:37:25-04:00
---

Haunted Happenings is happening; Bandcamp Friday looms; October bike
rides.<!--more-->

A few years ago we found ourselves in Salem, MA during the month of October,
which, for anyone not familiar, is a legendary tourist season for the "spookiest
American town." Millions of people visit Salem in October, so many that they
beef up the train schedule and triple the fines for virtually all infractions.

Back then, the kid was like five years old maybe? We went into the
"International Monster Museum," he seemed excited about the spookiness of it,
and then he was legit terrified for like the whole thing. I vowed that we would
return.

This Saturday we will do attempt #2 at the International Monster Museum. We'll
also check out the Salem Haunted Magic Show, and probably walk around the
outdoor market and food court situation they have going on.

I'm pretty excited about it, both because Salem in October is one-of-a-kind and
we're lucky to be so close to it, and also because I get to try out a new camera
sling bag and try to make some art. More on the sling later.

### It's Bandcamp Friday this Friday!

Make your plans, fill your wishlists, this Friday is Bandcamp Friday! I have a
couple things teed up, maybe I'll link them or something. Or not. You can't
control me.

Tell you what, I'll link what I end up buying. That feels right.

### Bikes

We had a nice ride up and down the rail trail this afternoon. The kid had a
couple totally minor spills and got really hangry and sort of flipped out a bit
on the way back, but it was nice to try out my new Spurcycle bell (love it) and
my Peak Design Out Front phone mount (also love it).

I'm really going all-in on Peak Design these days. I swear, they are not paying
me.

On Friday the wife and I will ride the full length of the Minuteman Bikeway and
we'll really get to ring that bell! Looking forward to a sunnier day and banking
another 20-mile ride.
