---
title: "2024 11 1"
date: 2024-11-01T06:46:16-04:00
---

Somehow, it's November already. Yesterday's Halloween was warm and delightful,
nobody cried, nobody got hit by a car, and what more can you really ask for?

#### Door stuff

We've been waiting for the second replacement door for the back of our house for
a couple of weeks and it's finally supposed to arrive today, but of course our
contractor can't come out to put it in until _next Wednesday_. This brings the
whole project well past a month of mostly waiting and I'm anxious for it to be
done.

#### 3D printer

I have received my Original Prusa MK4S 3d printer kit and I'm looking forward to
blocking off most of Saturday to assemble it. What I'm most excited about is
seeing it bang out a Benchy in record time! This will be the fourth printer kit
I've assembled so hopefully it goes smoothly and efficiently.

I offered to *give* my MK2S to my friend, either for him or his daughter or both
of them, but he seemed hesitant to take in more "stuff," and I totally get that.
I'm not sure what to do with it otherwise, though. The stepper motors are
certainly worth keeping but the rest of it is basically deprecated or too
damaged at this point to be worth anything on their own.

#### Gaming

I've put Persona 5 Royal aside for a while after discovering that once again I
did not satisfy the requirements to get the "third semester" and "true ending"
of the game. I think you have to look it up and focus on those goals and nothing
else, it's truly challenging to do it organically.

I could still try to fuse the top personas of some of the arcana that I maxed
out, but I probably won't be able to max them all before I run out of time.
That part of the game is also very hard, even on "new game plus" where I already
have maxed social stats and can spend all of my free time bonding with
confidants.

I think I decided that I just don't love the game enough to put much more time
into it, now that I'm well over 100 hours.

So I bought the 2014 re-release of "Thief," a game that I really loved back when
it originally came out in the early '00s. The re-release is a new game with the
same main character and gameplay mechanics but entirely new world and missions
and story. This is almost the perfect game for the Steam Deck because it's old
enough that it plays nicely but new enough that it doesn't look like shit.

It's pretty hard, though! I've been walking around one block for a while trying
to figure out how to get up to a certain window and it's killing me!
