---
title: "2024 11 04"
date: 2024-11-04T05:32:12-05:00
---

Printer stuff; climb log; week ahead.<!--more-->

Ah yes, the first week of work after the end of Daylight Saving Time when we all
feel very mildly jet lagged. We all went as a family to get our flu shots
yesterday (get your flu shot!) and so far the arm is a little sore but otherwise
I feel normal.

#### Printer stuff

I'm *so* pleased with the MK4S! I reprinted a planetary gear fidget spinner toy
for the kiddo because he said he wanted one. That model took 3:45 or so to print
on the MK3S, but on the MK4S it completed it 1:33 and looks *exactly* the same.

Doubling the print time not only satiates my impatience, but it makes it
possible to print at 0.2mm when maybe normally I would just live with 0.3mm. It
basically allows me to do "draft" prints at 0.2mm.

Of course now once again I'm in this spot where I have two printers that are so
clearly different and how do I choose which to use for what? I think for now I
will think of the MK4S as the "prototyping" printer and use the MK3S to run
"final" prints where the completion time is less important.

#### Climb log

We went to the gym for the kid's class yesterday and had a pretty good crew
projecting some boulders. The wife continues to send the spiciest V4s and V5s, I
was feeling less than full-strength but made a lot of progress on the V4 that I
hadn't seen anyone else send until yesterday.

I gave myself a couple of good "rug burns" on my forearm slipping off the volume
on that one, but I think I can put the pieces together next time if I'm able to
get some good sleep and bring my full power. I spent a little time retrying the
start of the second V5 I ever did and I feel so much smoother and stronger on it
(though I couldn't send it again, too tired).

I also played on a tricky V3 for crimp practice (crimps on a V3??) and found a
couple different ways to do it. Overall it was a nice climb, I felt physically
pretty confident, though I think I did push my back a little harder than maybe I
should have.

#### Week ahead

This is our last full work week before we're off to Las Vegas and Death Valley,
which is just bonkers to think about. I need to start getting my act together
and thinking about my packing list and so on.

The work week should be straightforward, always plenty to do, lots of time in
which to do it, I'm feeling optimistic about pulling all of the threads
together.

I've started the production on the second "draft" recording of my secret podcast
project that I'm working on with my coach friend and probably just need another
30 or 45 minutes on it to get it tightened up.
