---
title: "2025 05 03 10 07"
date: 2025-05-03T10:07:55-04:00
---

Weekend plans, boredom, and more reflection on rehab.<!--more-->


#### Weekend

As usual we have a busy weekend. They say being an adult is saying "Next month,
things are going to slow down" every month until you die. That sure feels like
the vibe around here.

Today `$KID` has his drum "band rehearsal," which is sort of like a group
practice for the random group of kids he was joined up with based on available
dates (hardly a "band" in the traditional sense). Immediately following that,
we'll drive down to Connecticut to go check out this Wicked Tulips farm that
allegedly has 1.5 million tulips. I'm debating whether to bring my regular
camera or my infrared one. Or... Both?

Then dinner with the in-laws, then drive home and immediately go to sleep.
Tomorrow, head to the climbing gym for a 9-12 session with some kids in the mix.
Hopeful that I'll be able to participate and more on that in a minute.

#### Boredom quest

I'm going on a "boredom quest," which came up as a result of reading some posts
about people giving up their smartphones and a podcast recording that I just
did. I'm fairly good about not scrolling toxic social media, but I do feel that
tug from the phone to dispel my every second of boredom.

On this quest, I'm committing to giving up a couple of my podcast-listening
slots. While doing the dishes, and while taking a shower. The whole idea of
"shower thoughts" is a result of people having nothing to do in the shower, and
I want to get back to that, to re-train my mind to wander and make connections
instead of consuming ever more of others' ideas.

I still like and need to consume others' ideas, but I think I can do it in a
more focused and limited way.

#### Reflections

My back has been on the down swing for a week now. Things started downhill after
returning from our trip to Canada, which made me actively wonder if that was due
to all the sitting in cars and planes, or suspending my supplements (I didn't
feel like figuring out how to travel with them all), or both.

In spite of the on and off discomfort, I still climbed on Tuesday and had a
[really good session][tuesday], and then I went with `$WIFE` to the Central Rock
Gym with the super tall walls on Friday and had a reasonably okay time.

[tuesday]: {{< ref "2025-04-30-05-22" >}}

I say "reasonably okay" because we did both send a V4 boulder, and then we did
some top ropes and I sent an 8 and a 9, which I won't log because I can't recall
precisely. I did feel less energetic and powerful than I have on other days, and
I took the opportunity to practice resting and shaking out along the climb.

I attempted a yellow 5.10 that was really interesting and cool but I couldn't
make it past the roof, just didn't feel like I could hold on. Then `$WIFE`
wanted to try a red slab 5.9 and got about halfway before pumping out.

I decided to try that one and I got a lot further than I thought I would, but
about two moves from the top on a pretty sketchy foot swap I came off. I give
myself a ton of credit for pushing through what felt like two brick walls, but
with shaking out and a little bit of grunting I squeezed out a couple more
moves.

It could be fun to go back and attempt both of those climbs again but I don't
know when we will.

`$WIFE` had to head out so I went up to try my auto-belay 5.10+ project again,
and I did get a bit closer but was just too pumped to finish it. On the bright
side I met a very nice woman solo climbing the autos between Zoom meetings and
we exchanged info. Climbers all seem like they're so friendly.

I didn't mean for this to be a retrospective on that climbing trip. By the end
of my time there I definitely felt my back acting up and it was good for me to
call it quits. Nevertheless, sitting in the car on the way home made it no
worse, and I slept well.

Now it's Saturday and it feels okay. I had a bit of a headache so I did take
some ibuprofen with breakfast, but PT felt great (call it 90% today), and I feel
like I'm in a pretty good place.

The real question is what it will feel like tomorrow.

Sometimes it seems like climbing irritates it more, and other times it almost
seems like climbing helps clear it up. I can't understand or explain it. I am
back on my full supplement stack every day and I never stopped doing PT, so my
physical activity is the only variable.

I have been taking a good amount of heating pad time this week, too, so maybe
that could be a factor.

Further bulletins as events warrant.
