---
title: "2025 02 12"
date: 2025-02-12T17:28:09-05:00
---

"It is Wednesday, my dudes."<!--more-->

Remember that meme?? Gosh meme culture is so weird sometimes, right? Anyway it's
Wednesday (my dudes) and you know what that means: halfway to Friday.

Not that days have any significance anymore; each day that passes is just
another tiny lurch closer to living in an autocratic fascist state ruled over by
honestly one of the most ignorant people to ever have been born.

But it could be worse, right? I could be unemployed. I'm really glad I'm not
unemployed. Actually, my job fucking rocks.

{{< dots >}}

While the job is great and all, I feel like I've been in the lurch for a while
now. My back has been acting up for over a week, every day feels like maybe an
incremental improvement but after a week or more you start to forget what it was
like to not have to think about it all the time.

I had a problem in my car last summer where any time I turned left with some
good speed, it would make this horrible metal-on-metal scraping sound. It took
me forever to get around to finding someone who could fix it, like months, maybe
a year, I don't know.

After I did get it fixed, I had become so accustomed to it happening that when I
would turn left I would involuntarily flinch waiting for it to happen. It took
another few weeks before I got past that and stopped expecting it.

It's like that with my back pain. It pinches on the left side when I load it at
the wrong angle, which is usually bending forward, but sometimes sitting in a
certain way. When a normal person would bend forward, like to put a plate in the
dishwasher or something, I've habituated myself to do sort of a lunge instead.

It's getting harder to imagine what it would be like not to have to worry about
this all the time, to just do what I do and not feel any pain. Wouldn't that be
nice?

It's really not all that bad, though, either. I do think it's improving a bit
day over day. I am confused why it's so bad this time, because I didn't do
anything unusually difficult or weird. The most frustrating part about all of
this is not knowing what will set it off.

But, for the decade (or decades?) that I've had this issue, I never knew what
would set it off. It would just happen. Sometimes, at least a couple that I can
remember, it would be really, really, really bad.

The last time it was that bad was last summer when I started PT and I'm happy to
say it hasn't been that bad again. I'm still walking and driving and doing
chores. So really in the larger scheme of things it's on a good trend. Or so I
tell myself.

{{< dots >}}

We're going ice climbing this Saturday, though, so I'm taking it super duper
easy and I'm hopeful that all of that will go off without a hitch! It sucks to
feel like I need to be the one to back out of all the fun climbing outings.

But I also need to remember that all of this rest and recovery and PT is so that
I can be an incredible climber at age 50.
