---
title: "2024 11 26"
date: 2024-11-26T16:34:24-05:00
tags:
 - bookclub
---

Solo book club: Vertical Mind (ch. 3)<!--more-->

Chapter three was all about the motivations that drive people to climb and how
that relates to climbing performance. A lot of the psychological and/or
emotional ideas presented in this chapter (intrinsic vs. extrinsic motivation,
finding joy in what you do, etc.) was old hat for me, after my year of full-time
coaching and all of my reading on management.

In fact, it's worth noting that indeed there is nothing new under the sun, and
most of the concepts related to performance in climbing are basically the same
ideas as what is discussed in performance of teams, or performance in business.
This book is simply presenting them within the context of climbing, using a lot
of climbing jargon, and drawing the connections more explicitly among the
experiences we have as climbers.

Not to say that the book isn't useful, but I'll wait till I finish it before I
pretend to have an opinion here.

{{< dots >}}

My take-away from chapter three is that climbers will ultimately perform at a
higher level if they are motivated to climb for _intrinsic_ reasons. I think
this is true for performance in virtually everything, by the way.

Now, at some professional level, intrinsic and extrinsic motivations probably
get muddy at best or warped at worst. Once you're relying on sponsors to feed
you, you're going to be distracted by that, but I'm discounting this line of
thinking entirely because I have no intention (nor desire) to climb for any
reason other than pleasure.

So, where does the pleasure come from? The book prompts us to examine what
drives our motivations. Do we climb to be outside, to move our bodies, to
accomplish things, to be with friends, etc.?

The book prompts us to answer these questions to help us figure out where our
motivations come from, so, I'll try to answer them here and see what comes out
of it.

_What aspects of climbing or types of climbing do you enjoy most?_

My favorite thing about climbing is discovering cool beta, and doing smooth,
static movements. Obviously the send is icing on the cake, but a send that feels
"desperate" is not as gratifying as a send that was executed with panache.

It feels really good to do a climb in a way that feels almost easy, to find a
way to do it that centers my strengths.

_What aspects of climbing do you enjoy least?_

I don't like feeling like a climb is "impossible" for me in a way that I
wouldn't be able to train for. It's one thing to feel like a crimp is too small
for my current capability, or a route is too long for me to finish without
getting pumped (frustrating enough), but even worse is a climb where some
necessary move is too "scrunchy" for my height, or requires some kind of
flexibility that I lack.

_Given the answers above, can you change climbing to be even more rewarding?_

I do tend to walk away from the climbs that feel like the ones I dislike, so in
that way I don't think I need to change my *climbing*, but I can change how I
frame that decision when I'm climbing with others who *can* do it.

I would not be climbing at my current level if I had not made many attempts on
climbs that I could not send. Growth is proof positive of taking on challenges,
but at the same time I can be more graceful about walking away from climbs that
aren't going to get me there or are a distraction from growth.

I'm not going to wake up tomorrow and suddenly have much better hip adductor
flexibility; if that feels like a requirement of a problem or route, skip it.

_Who are you? What is your identity---as a climber and beyond?_

I do identify more as a climber now than any other type of athlete. I used to
identify more as a weight training enthusiast and have always held my strength
or other narrow areas of athleticism as part of my identity, but after the last
couple of years of climbing as my primary type of exercise, I'd call myself a
climber first.

I'm also an analytical and also creative person. I think my route reading is
pretty good and getting better, and I like to imagine ways to solve problems or
work on routes that others might not think of.

_Who do you most enjoy climbing with? Why?_

We have a pretty great circle of climbers at our gym. I would hesitate to
essentially _stack rank_ those people, but maybe I can sketch out some
generalities that are useful here.

I like to climb with people who are equal parts persistent or tenacious but also
measured. I'm at a point in my physical journey where I'm balancing growth with
injury recovery/safety, and that makes it more challenging sometimes to thread
the needle of getting encouragement without taking things further than my body
is able to go in the moment.

The latter is improving over time and hopefully becomes a smaller piece of the
puzzle in the next year.

_So, who should you try to be like?_

If we're talking ways in which I want to change who I am as a climber, I think I
want to be more encouraging but measured myself, as much as I'd want a climbing
partner to be. I can work on finding (more) joy in my climbing partners'
accomplishments and also being measured about what I'm able to commit to based
on how I feel physically. This is sometimes hard for me in the moment so I may
need to think about a mantra I can employ to remind myself.

{{< dots >}}

I spent more time with this than I intended to. When it comes to finding the
pleasure in climbing, for myself, what I'm seeing here is that I need to focus
more on the beta and on the sequences and look for that visceral joy that I get
from that aspect of the experience and less on the send.

This becomes challenging only in the sense that when climbing, especially with
others, there is a lot of focus on the send, so I might consider how I can
externally reframe what I'm doing and why I'm doing it so that I don't
accidentally internalize someone else's goals.

Of course I want to send the route, we all want to send the route, but I'm
climbing to have fun, and the fun is in the beta discovery and building a
smooth, static sequence that feels awesome to execute. We get to the top when we
get to the top.
