---
title: "2025 05 09 06 50 Friday"
date: 2025-05-09T06:50:41-04:00
---

Happy Friday, you nerds.<!--more-->

This has been an interesting week. I read this "Healing Back Pain" book on
Monday and that seemed to do something. I started to see everything (or at least
try to see everything) through the lens of "what if this is my subconscious
fucking with me?"

I feel that a number of my observations fit within that framework, but I'm not
entirely convinced that my subconscious is the only thing to blame. I still
think about my back a lot, and I worry about it a lot, and maybe that *is* part
of the problem. Worrying is part of the problem.

One of the phenomena described in this TMS thing is that when you "realize" that
your subconscious is creating the pain, the pain moves somewhere else. Because,
as it is described, your subconscious is clever and knows when it's been figured
out so it just shifts to some other area.

My back still hurts often, so it's not like that's just totally resolved or
anything, but in the last couple of days I've also had unexplainable headaches.
Headaches are said to be potentially caused by TMS (among all sorts of
other non-specific pains in various places). Could it be that my subconscious is
just fucking with me?

Who knows!

Generally, though, I've been on an upswing since Monday. I climbed Tuesday and
Wednesday and my back didn't, like, *hurt* hurt. So that's kind of huge, that I
could even do that, in spite of having two very seriously "mid" sessions. It
still hurts in the car, but the sensation is very "soreness" or superficial
fatigue from pressing into the seat.

I'm not sure if or when I'll ever be free of this fatigue and physical pressure
issue, which is absolutely due to my weird lumbar spine shape and low mobility.
Stretching has been improving that slowly so I intend to continue to do that.

I have started doing 5-10 minutes of meditation daily. I'm doing unguided
meditation, just trying to clear my mind and allowing anything to pop up and
float away. It feels familiar and not too difficult, but I'm curious where it
will take me. I'm working on establishing a habit around it.

{{< dots >}}

On the climbing front, Tuesday and Wednesday were kind of useless sessions. I
didn't make any progress on anything, and I felt pretty tapped both times if I'm
being honest. I think there's definitely a mindset element and I've just felt a
little less enthusiastic this week so I'm sure that factors in, too.

My belay buddy hasn't shown up, either, for various personal reasons. I think
we'll all get together on Sunday, possibly at South Boston, and I could get into
that. I'd like to do the green V4 that goes across one of the roof sections,
that one looked pretty cool.

Hopefully by Sunday I'll be back in fighting shape, after taking *four* days off
from climbing entirely. I think at this stage my body and mind need the break.

{{< dots >}}

On the work front, we're orienting ourselves into a big push to get the new
product I'm working on ready to go to market. We have released it to beta
customers and it's been out there for a while but there are two or three big
features that need to get wrapped up before we can announce it.

I think starting next week it's going to be more of a push toward that, and I
should prepare myself psychologically for what that means. The roller coaster of
work pressure may be ramping up.

All in all though, it's still the best job I've had. Remote work is a good fit
for me, as an anxious person who likes the creature comforts of home.
