---
title: "2025 05 11 12 53 Sunday"
date: 2025-05-11T12:53:20-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Pink V0
 - Purple V2 (overhung, flash)
 - White V3 (topout)
 - Black V3 (overhung, flash)
 - White V4 (flash)
 - Purple V4 (flash)
 - Yellow V4 (flash)
 - Black ?? (maybe V4)
 - Green V4 (flash)
 - Red V5
---

It's Mother's Day so of course we climb.<!--more-->

In this household, the climbing gym is our church, and because our cult leader
is also a mother, it is up to her how we worship, so off to the climbing gym we
go!

I'm still managing a fair bit of anxiety concerning how my back feels, or will
feel, and while I think I'm managing it fairly well (and I'm feeling fairly
good), it's still a struggle sometimes. Today was no exception, and I was
focused entirely on how it felt all morning, and I did take three ibuprofen
before leaving just to sort of "be on the safe side."

But I'm also working on framing the ibuprofen as "this allows me to avoid the
pain" rather than "this is an admission of my injured state." I'm working on
facing the moment without letting it define me, if that makes any sense at all.

We were joined by a couple of our friends as well, and that gave our session a
really good energy. It was a good session overall for everyone, I think, and for
me as well. I sent a few things:

{{< sends >}}

I'm trying to note the warm-up climbs too just for posterity, but the stand-outs
for me in this session were:

##### White V4

This one felt amazing to flash, it's got these cool side pulls and a pretty
committing last move. At my height it was not a huge dyno but I still had to
lunge for it.

##### Black ??

The "question mark" problems are just set as projects and the grade varies. At
our home gym, the setter will usually put a grade, but at this branch the
setters just put "?" so it's up to you what you think it is.

This one was pretty spicy for me, and I fell off of it a couple of times, but
after watching `$WIFE` and one of our other friends send it, I had renewed
confidence, and I did get it, but it's really slow and balancey and precise,
which is not my usual style.

##### Red V5

Of course the feather in my cap was sending another V5, of which I think this
was only the ninth. This one took a few tries, very slopey, difficult final move
on a pinch.

Not my most decisive send, but I held it long enough for it to count, at least
by the consensus of our group. Challenging climb, felt great to get. This was
actually toward the beginning of the session so after this I felt like I could
be done.

{{< dots >}}

The one I had in mind from our last visit that I wanted to do was the green V4,
which is partly overhung (in the middle). We were all winding down and I had
ignored it, so `$WIFE` encouraged me to give it a go and I did flash it. It
really didn't feel that hard until the very last hold, which is worse than you
want it to be, but still, solid send on that one.

A nice session, and now it's time to get washed up and change for our BBQ
gathering later!
