---
title: "2024 10 03"
date: 2024-10-03T06:14:50-04:00
---

Good morning, internets. Amazon is ridiculous. Creating a new habit is hard.

This is just some stuff that's on my mind on this beautifully crisp autumn
morning at 6:30am.

Look, I realize that Amazon is enshittifying the world, enslaving us, sucking
our blood, killing our babies, etc., etc., but systemic monopolies will not be
broken up by consumer choice, so try not to sweat that too hard.

I wanted to change out the chargers in my car (the kind that plug into the
"accessory port" previously known as a "cigarette lighter") for fully USB-C
ones, because my friends *it is finally time*. Finally every single one of our
entertainment devices and phones is USB-C in this household.

So I ordered a couple of Anker two-port USB-C car charger dealies, and three new
USB-C cables with nice braided sheathing. From Amazon, of course. Where else are
you going to go, fucking *Best Buy*? Amazon said they'd come the next day, which
is amazing.

Imagine my surprise when the chargers dropped on my doorstep just hours later!
Where the shit does this stuff come from? How can Amazon coordinate deliveries
within hours? Who is suffering from chronic stomach ulcers and anxiety attacks
because of this?

As I was coming downstairs this morning, barely awake, at about 5:30am, a guy in
an Amazon vest was dropping the USB-C cables on my porch in the dark. It's just
nuts.

#### Habits

I bought a year-long subscription to the piano-learning app "Melodics." It was a
recommendation from a friend at work who is a classically trained performance
violist and producer, so that felt like a strong enough signal for me.

So far, I have dramatically, measurably failed to do a lesson every day. Or even
every couple of days. I usually tell people that I'm good at establishing
habits, but that might only be true for trivial ones. Like, I'm good at always
putting my camera's lens cap in my back left pocket. This is how I manage to
never lose them.

I'm good at building these in-the-moment habits, but less good at creating a
daily habitual action. I keep telling myself it's because I don't have an
established time of the day for piano... That might still be true, but is that
the real cause for this challenge?

Is it something else? Is it friction? Is it disconnection from the goals? What
will I do to square all of these things up?

I guess I should work on figuring that out.
