---
title: "2025 04 05 06 54"
date: 2025-04-05T06:54:43-04:00
---

Anniversary recap, weekend plans, gloomy weather.<!--more-->

`$WIFE` and I did the "Operation: Casino" escape room yesterday and we failed to
escape! It was fairly close, I think we had a couple of puzzles left when we ran
out of time, but our "game master" told us that it was the only room she
couldn't escape and that it is their hardest room.

She could have been making that up, but it's true that the record time for that
room is much longer than the record times for the other rooms. I'd definitely go
back and do another one; escape rooms are great fun.

We got some lunch and then came home, watched another episode of Severance
season two, and then just chilled around the house, which was very nice and
relaxing.

I also gifted `$WIFE` six bottles of her (our) favorite non-alcoholic champagne
(the brand is "Noughty," look it up) and because the 10th anniversary material
is "tin or aluminum" I also got us engraved non-rated carabiners with our
wedding date on one side and the phrase "Passed the tenth crux!" on the other.

{{< dots >}}

`$KID` has his drum practice today and then we're having our friends over for
dinner later but other than that I think it's just chores. `$WIFE` wants to fit
in a workout but my back has been iffy all week and I'm openly wondering if
there's anything I could/would want to fit in.

I'm sure we'll go climbing tomorrow and I think I'll be up for that. I do plan
to slot in another ARC session tomorrow, although it may depend on whether
`$KID` can behave himself so that I can be committed to that for at least 30
minutes.

I probably don't want to do any grip training today if I'm going to climb
tomorrow, I like to give my hands at least a day off in between, but I might
want to fit in something like push-ups, which I realized that I've entirely
neglected since starting my climbing hobby. All I do is pull now.

{{< dots >}}

We're now in true New England spring, which means that it's basically Pacific
northwest weather, gloomy and rainy on and off every day. Yesterday was like 65
and sunny and actually felt like summer, and now today is grey and cold and wet.

It's going to be like this for another week, on and off. There's even a slight
chance of *snow* on Tuesday. Which, for the record, fuck that.

We got our new deck furniture last week and I tediously assembled it. I went
with Trex brand "Cape Cod deep seating" stuff. The same size set as we
previously had (sofa, loveseat, and two chairs). Got it put together just in
time for it to rain for ten days.

I'm very excited to have furniture that is unlikely to fall apart in a few
years, though. I also ordered some covers so instead of trying to pack the
cushions away somewhere in bad weather, I can just cover everything. Those
should come Monday, but it'll still be too rainy and wet to set it all up.

With the new furniture set and the new deck door with a proper screen door on
it, I think we're set up for a much nicer summer. I also moved the grill up onto
the deck last year, which I was a little nervous about doing because the whole
deck is plastic, but it turns out that if you just put a couple feet between the
grill and the railing it's fine. I also got one of those mats so if hot grease
drips out it won't actually get on the decking.

Being able to grill and socialize simultaneously will be nice, and we noticed
that we use the deck a lot more than the patio because of how it's connected to
the house, kitchen, and nearby bathroom. Nobody really wants to go up and down
the stairs.

As soon as it's warm enough it's going to be a pressure washing marathon.
Everything is disgusting. The whole deck and patio, all of the patio furniture,
the side of the house, it's all gross. I can't wait.
