---
title: "2025 05 12 10 36 Monday"
date: 2025-05-12T10:36:03-04:00
---

And what a Monday it is, too.<!--more-->

The rest of Sunday was very nice. Solid climb, relaxing afternoon, and then BBQ
at our friends' place. The kids all ran around like crazy and even splashed in a
garden hose toy thing in spite of it being, to my mind, pretty cold for water
play.

I had a couple glasses of wine and boy oh boy... I should continue to that
periodically so I remember not to. My tolerance has really fallen and I end up
feeling pretty bad the next day (today), so here I am feeling pretty bad. It
probably didn't help that I climbed fairly hard and needed some physical
recovery as well, and ate very little through the day until dinner and then ate
a lot.

Don't they say that breakfast should be the biggest meal? I don't know. Probably
all of those anecdotes are bullshit. Do what you want.

{{< dots >}}

Looking forward to the week ahead, `$WIFE` climbed Saturday, Sunday, and will
take `$KID` to pre-team tonight so she'll probably do some light climbing. As a
result she doesn't want to go tomorrow, so I'll go by myself and meet up with
`$BELAY_BUDDY` for some projecting.

Then I take `$KID` to pre-team on Wednesday but I'll probably sit out, or at
least do nothing too hard. Then Thursday, I'm meeting up with another friend to
be his climbing partner for his lead belay certification. That's going to be
interesting because there's also a community comp going on at the gym that night
so it might be a little wild.

On the other hand, the comp was poorly advertised so maybe nobody will show up,
who knows. We planned to climb a bit before and after the test. I imagine the
test should be no big deal since I just did this at the other gym and it was
completely fine. I already have my tag, so, I don't think they're going to take
it away from me!

I'll take Friday and Saturday off, I think we're just going to go biking on
Saturday if the weather is OK, and then we're supposed to go climbing outside on
Sunday. The weather doesn't look super promising though.
