---
title: "2024 11 14"
date: 2024-11-14T18:24:32-05:00
---

I'm literally flying.<!--more-->

Gone are the days of flying with, like, a dead-tree book. Well, no, of course
you can still do that. But now we have in-flight WiFi delivered by
geosynchronous satellites and lithium ion batteries and OLED screens (oh my!)
Anyway I'm on a plane.

There's more to tell than I want to write, but, we got the gate in a timely
manner only to find that the flight was delayed an hour. After only 5-10 minutes
we started boarding and it seemed like we were only going to be delayed like 15
minutes, but after the plane was full and all the overhead bins were closed we
just sat there for at least another half hour. OH WELL.

My back has been bugging me a fair bit, but Advil seems to be working, so that's
a true relief, in every sense. _Vitamin I for the win!_ (That's "I" for
"ibuprofen" of course).

Disaster struck my packing strategy when I realized that flying without my Bose
noise-canceling headphones is like being kicked in the dick every minute on the
minute and that the Bose QC 700 case is the size of a Volkswagen Beetle
(relatively speaking). I had to give up on using the Peak Design Field Pouch and
found a nice way to redistribute all the charging shit into other pockets in the
tote, but I still didn't have enough space left for my sunglasses case or
snacks.

So, off I went to Best Buy to pick up a pair of QuietComfort headphones (they
dropped the number because they're idiots, but these are basically the same body
as the QC 45 with minor improvements). These actually *fold* and have *physical
buttons*, both of which are huge wins overall. I'm wearing them now. The noise
cancelation is, as they claim, world-class. I can't fly without them.

We'll be in Las Vegas by about 8:30pm local time, which is like, what, 11:30pm
in my head? But who cares there's no time in Las Vegas, right?

Maybe I'll add an update from the hotel tomorrow. Until then.
