---
title: "2025 05 06 10 28 Tuesday"
date: 2025-05-06T10:28:16-04:00
---

Some of my thoughts and plans surrounding the "mind-body connection" book and
how it's going so far.<!--more-->

Yesterday I devoured the book "Healing Back Pain: The Mind-Body Connection" by
(the late) Dr. John E. Sarno. Since yesterday's update I finished the book and
skimmed some websites containing others' experiences and thoughts regarding the
premise of the book and practical applications.

I'm a little bit shaken by this. It's only day two since I've read it so I don't
feel like I can make any big pronouncements, but... It might be working?

#### The science

You can ask any of my friends or family and they'll tell you, I'm so skeptical I
don't even believe my own eyes most of the time. It takes a lot for an idea to
reach "accepted" status in my mind.

But, given the mountains of anecdotal reports, and my own belief in well-tested
phenomena like the placebo effect, panic attacks, and so forth, I found it
thoroughly credible that the mind has the ability to *create pain* in the body.
The mind is part of the body, and "modern medical science" has done a lot to
exclude that fact from consideration, as Dr. Sarno writes.

Surely the advancements that we have made in medicine should not be discredited
solely because they focused on the physical or chemical aspects of our being in
isolation; pills work, physical therapy works, and so on. But there's more to
our being than just the physical, and that is never a more crucial consideration
than when you're talking about *pain*.

Pain is one aspect of our being that is fully and completely subjective. There
really isn't a way to know, for sure, that someone is experiencing pain, or what
it feels like, or how intense it is. In a very real way, pain is all in our
mind.

Whether pain is caused by the brain interpreting a real nerve signal or not,
that interpretation and the sensation that comes along with it is, in a manner
of speaking, "invented." Just as you perceive the light that enters your eyes
and the pressure waves that enter your ears. Everything in your internal
experience is assembled by your brain.

I also know from my own experience that something like a panic attack, of which
I've had only a very small number of acute ones thankfully, can create an
artificial but very real perception of all sorts of worrying sensations. Once
you've convinced yourself that you're certainly on the brink of death and then
come out the other side unscathed, you do begin to question the loyalty of your
own subconscious.

So it isn't a big leap for me from there to the notion that there is some
"autonomic response" driven by an intangible subconscious state of mind, that
creates pain in the body. Just as prolonged low-grade stress causes indigestion,
dampens sex drive, weakens the immune system, or even creates acne.

#### The experience

OK, so I buy it. Now what?

I feverishly absorbed the chapter on "treatment," hoping for some specific and
practical actions to take. In this area, the book is rather light. For some, Dr.
Sarno writes, just reading the book is enough.

Let me repeat that. For some people with chronic, sometimes debilitating pain,
*reading the book* literally *cures them*. Well now this sounds like voodoo,
right?

Maybe. But I'm not satisfied to just read the book, I want to take some action.
I got the sense from most of the real-world examples given that from the
emotional side I am a "mild case." I can't put my finger on any severe trauma or
conflict plaguing me right now. But I sure do carry anxiety, often of a low
grade, but I carry it around all the time. I think it's hereditary. I also love
to ignore it.

This convinced me that: 1) I am not likely to identify any obvious emotional
root cause that I should specifically work to resolve, and 2) I should instead
focus on actions that have a broad appeal and provide some base, standard
benefit.

The two that are given most often by those who have applied the book are
journaling and meditation.

Luckily, I already journal. You're reading it (I don't know why). Hey by the way
if you found this via Bluesky or something, tell me why you read it. I'm
curious.

On the journaling side, I will make more of an effort to write out the things
that are giving me grief. Whatever comes up, I'll just put it down.

On the meditation side, well, I've had quite and on-again, off-again
relationship with meditation. I tried the Sam Harris app "Waking Up" and I quite
enjoyed it, but eventually I felt uncertain about what I was gaining from it and
I stopped. I also tried Headspace for a while and didn't hate it but also didn't
want to pay for it.

I decided to pick it back up again, but just do a very "classic" meditation
using a simple timer. I suppose we could call this "unguided" meditation. No
goal, no sequence, no narrative, just focusing on the breath, acknowledging any
thought that comes along and letting it go.

I have now done this for a five-minute period yesterday and today. It's nice, I
don't dislike it, meditation is very calming.

#### Results?

I'm hesitant to say anything about results after only one day, but I refer back
to these posts to help me understand my life so I am writing down what I observe
anyway.

As I wrote yesterday, I woke up with a bad pinch in my back and it persisted
through the morning. I didn't take my post-bus-stop walk like I usually do, and
I felt limited in doing basic shit like emptying the dishwasher (which I ended
up putting off for most of the day).

By the evening, after reading the book and writing the post and having a little
meditation session, I felt much better. Coincidence? Who knows.

Dr. Sarno recommends completely ceasing all physical interventions, for the
reason that you need to convince your subconscious that its tricks aren't
working, that you've seen through them and will simply address the underlying
emotional causes at play.

I am unwilling to stop PT, though, because I have seen such incredible and truly
life-changing results from the stretching. So, I decided, I will continue the
stretching, but I am going to stop doing the "strength-building" exercises,
which honestly have felt kind of superfluous to me for a while anyway.

I do want to sprinkle in some climbing-specific strength stuff over time, which
I'll figure out as I go along.

This morning I woke feeling miles better than yesterday. This sometimes happens.
I have remarked on how this back situation can dramatically change from day to
day. Maybe now I have an understanding of some possible root cause. Is it all in
my mind?

#### Conclusions

The experiment continues. But something that I have felt has made a tremendous
difference for me is seeing "past" the pain. By saying "this is not harmful to
me, there is nothing physically wrong with me, I refuse to let this control me,"
I have felt as a result almost a weight lifted. Well, metaphorically speaking
anyway.

I will do what I want to do, and I will not allow my mischievous subconscious
ruin it for me. I will acknowledge that I have things that I get anxious or
angry or upset about, and I will recognize those for what they are: valid
emotions that may come or go as they please.

Since reading the book and some of the reflections of various other readers,
I've picked up this habit of addressing my own brain or subconscious, saying
"how dare you try to fuck with me!" Let's remember who is in charge here!

It feels pretty good to express that sometimes.

We'll go climbing tonight. I'm curious to see how that plays out. I'll surely
post an update afterwards.
