---
title: "2025 05 13 06 47 Tuesday"
date: 2025-05-13T06:47:02-04:00
---

Feeling a lot better today!<!--more-->

I really felt like shit all day yesterday. At first I thought it was the couple
of glasses of wine I had at the BBQ on Sunday evening, but even with my very low
frequency of alcohol intake it's hard for me to imagine that it would lay me
flat for a whole day.

I had a headache and just general malaise, aches, indigestion, stuff like that,
basically all day long. It made it really hard to focus so I didn't really work
straight through the day, I fixed some bugs and helped some folks out with other
stuff and that was about it.

Last night I slept well, I only woke once when `$WIFE` got up to do the needful
and I felt pretty thirsty so I had some water, but otherwise I slept straight
through, I got like 7 hours and 20 minutes, which is about average for me I
think.

Bodily, I feel much better. I still feel some soreness and aches in my lower
back, but if that's all there is, that's a good day for me.

{{< dots >}}

I'll be able to catch up on work today with a mostly heads-down day; I'm already
babysitting the deployment of my most recent feature work, and I should be able
to make a lot of progress on the next phase of that feature.

Normally we would "family climb" this evening but since `$WIFE` has now climbed
three days in a row she has opted out, so I'm going to go by myself and meet up
with `$BELAY_BUDDY` and see what happens. I have projects, and there is new
stuff, but I try not to have heavy expectations for myself because that just
kicks up my anxiety and makes it less fun.

I'm definitely going to have another go at my orange V5, though. I'm so close on
it and I just need my right hand strength to deliver for me.

There is new stuff, too, which all looks interesting and I got the download from
`$WIFE` who was there yesterday and did most of it. I have no intention of even
trying the new yellow V5, which is basically entirely slab. I'm too spooked by
slabs.

I'll probably post an update later on how it went.
