---
title: "2024 10 23 2"
date: 2024-10-23T14:43:38-04:00
---

Failure, and how it serves me.<!--more-->

I was inspired by my coach friend to journal a bit on how my "failures" have
served me. Something that arose in our conversation about this was the idea that
"failure" itself is a matter of perspective, which is why I'm quoting it.

The most consequential example I can think of is my adventure in coaching. My
goal at the start was to build a self-sustaining coaching practice, and I did
not do that, in the end. Framed as the outcome of the stated goal, it was a
failure.

At the same time, spending a whole year growing as a coach, and deeply
reflecting on myself as a part of that, was invaluable. I think I emerged from
that experience so much more self-aware, empathetic, and knowing more about my
own boundaries. I learned that a self-sustaining coaching business requires
constant marketing and constant client onboarding and basically constant
coaching.

I find coaching deeply fulfilling; I've never felt so much like I can directly
change someone's trajectory for the better than I do when coaching. But for me,
coaching is an energy drain, and doing it for hours a day every day wouldn't be
comfortable.

To find the success in this I had to take a step back from the goal of "create a
sustainable coaching business" and recognize the even larger goal, "have better
work/life balance." That's kind of a loaded phrase, but the baseline is not
feeling like Sisyphus every day, which is how I felt at the end of my previous
job.

I wound up ending my quest for a sustainable coaching business and taking a
full-time job, which is the one I have today. In the end, this job has exceeded
my expectations, and met my goal of having "better work/life balance."

### Reflection

I have a weird memory. I tend to remember things I don't expect to, and
immediately forget things that others would expect me not to. I can't change how
my memory works, I can only augment it. I use a calendar and reminders and now
this microblog to augment my memory.

It occurs to me now that I ought to take note of my "failures" and really
interrogate them for other perspectives or angles to look at them from. Without
the help of some note, I may just forget that they happened.

Perhaps a good reason to keep up with this thing.
