---
title: "2024 09 29"
date: 2024-09-29T19:21:14-04:00
---

The climbing hit parade continues, silver linings within the injury cloud; kids'
birthday parties, man.

#### Big sends

Today I decided that it was time to attempt my other "nemesis" climb, a 5.11
that tortured me for weeks before I took time off to heal my back situation.
It's a pretty crimpy vertical climb with a big/tall/long final move that really
requires standing up from a high foot.

I had the whole start of this climb thoroughly mapped out after projecting it
for so long, and I think working on it really helped my crimp strength (at the
time), but I could never land that final move.

Today, on the *first attempt of the session*, I sent it. That last move was
hard, but the hard part was holding the rounded crimp and not the high foot. It
seems that all the stretching and conditioning that I've been doing through the
last nine weeks of PT has truly paid off.

It's actually unbelievable to me. Big win.

I also tackled a new 5.11 that was hung while I was away and send it after about
three attempts. I tried a third and felt too pumped but I think I can get it
next time.

All of this is adding up to a sense that the time away and all of my recovery
efforts have actually paid off doubly: not only am I steadily approaching the
day that I can stop thinking about whether my back hurts (not quite there), I've
gained ability that I didn't have before.

#### "Launch," a trampoline park

My boy was invited to his friend's birthday party at "Launch," which is a
trampoline park and "entertainment center." Right out of the gate, I'm sorry to
be the one to have to say this, but $800 is too much to spend on a 10-year-old's
birthday party.

I mean if you're a person for whom $800 is a rounding error in your personal
accounting maybe your view differs here, but that's a whole lot of money for a
gaggle of kids to be able to jump around in their socks and eat pizza. At my
house, you can jump around in your socks for free, and pizza is easy to come by.

Anyway, it was fun for the kids and exhausting for me, but at least I got to
catch up with my couple of adult friends among the group. The only reason this
is coming up in my status report is because holy shit that place is a chaos
factory and I just had to write that down somewhere.

Just another hopefully uneventful work week coming up. Until then, some Asphalt
Legends Unite.
