---
title: "2025 03 12 08 53"
date: 2025-03-12T08:53:37-04:00
---

Lead climbing practice picks back up!<!--more-->

Last night instead of our usual "family climb," since `$WIFE`'s elbow is still
immobile, I met up with `$BELAY_BUDDY` to practice lead climbing. We hadn't done
it in a month so we were feeling a bit rusty and wanted to bank some reps.

We led two 5.8s, two 5.9s, I finished my "nemesis" 5.10, and we both failed to
finish a 5.10- at the end. Leading is more "pumpy" because you need to go slower
and find the right stance to get the clips, not to mention holding by one hand
while you do it.

Let me talk about this 5.10. Our gym has a "lead wall," which never has
auto-belays set up. For the most part, I have seen TR routes set there and you
could lead them if you wanted to, but I'd never seen anyone do it. I don't think
lead is very popular in our home gym because the walls aren't very tall.

This route is the first one I've seen set for lead only. You can't TR this one
because it traverses across probably three TR top anchors. Also, as a
consequence of it being lateral, it's the longest climb in the gym right now,
since most climbs are more or less vertical and are limited by the height of the
walls.

I had attempted this one two times before and got pumped out halfway through and
came down. This is what made it my current "nemesis." I'll be honest here, I was
intimidated by it, and a bit anxious about trying it again. But given that I was
there to practice lead and had `$BELAY_BUDDY` at the ready, it felt necessary.

I asked her to keep me on a short leash. Due to the low walls in our gym and the
lateral setting, you're literally in the "danger zone" for the entire climb.
You're going to have only the one clip behind you to keep you from hitting the
ground, which doesn't leave a lot of room for error.

Honestly I wasn't too worried about a fall. I was more worried about my
performance and getting too pumped out to get past the middle. But in my last
attempt I discovered a knee bar and figured I could use that to get the last two
tricky clips and rest.

The first couple of clips are super exposed so that gets you pretty tired
straight away, but the holds are all very good. Then you transition up onto the
vertical face and there's a sick knee bar. I took the knee bar and shook out and
got the next two (last two) clips from that position. That felt great.

Right after the knee bar, you need to turn the other way and get up four
moderate slopers. This is where I got stuck before. I was tired but my arms and
hands felt good, so, now or never.

I reached a sloper with my left hand, cut loose and rotated at the hips, got my
foot on the hold on the other side, and leaned in. I got my right hand onto
another sloper and I had completed the transition. It felt pretty badass to cut
loose there!

A couple moves up the slopers and I was at the top. Now I was feeling the pump.
I reached the top of the wall and grabbed it. Our walls are kind of shiny and it
didn't feel great to hold there. I switched hands shook out, re-chalked.
Repeated on the other side. The chalk helped.

I caught my breath and went for the "ram's horns" anchor. I got it!

What this climb taught me is that I have shit endurance for climbs even 50%
longer than what I'm used to. It was pumpy as hell and I felt almost on the
verge of coming off at the top. I kept it together, and shaking out and taking a
rest really helped.

That was the win for the *week* certainly.

More lead practice is necessary, and on taller walls. Plans are forming.
