---
title: "2025 02 21"
date: 2025-02-21T16:28:30-05:00
---

A little climbing, and I guess I take supplements now?<!--more-->

I dropped off `$KID` this morning at climbing camp, which starts an hour before
the gym officially opens, so I asked if it would be OK if I just climbed a
little and they said yes.

I felt maybe about 90% about my back at that moment, but I also felt that I
should take advantage of having driven all the way out there, and also that the
gym was completely empty because they weren't open.

I did a couple low grades to warm up and then I took a crack at this overhung
white V4 and confirmed that it still feels nearly impossible to me. I feel like
there's a trick to it, or maybe my body is so long I can't get up against the
wall enough, or something. Anyway, no go.

At that point the youth program leader came up to me and told me that they were
getting ready to do hide-and-seek in the dark and that it would probably not be
good to be climbing with a bunch of kids running around in the dark, but she
said I had a few minutes.

So, I took a quick stab at my "project" V5, which is purple, and which I'm
certain that I *can* do, but it is technical and crimpy. I felt too rushed and
couldn't really get into it, I don't have the beta memorized yet.

The instructors were still working on putting a tarp up over the windows and I
felt that I was about to get the boot at any moment, so I did a "victory lap" on
the purple V5 that I *have* done, and called it quits.

I'm a little annoyed that I couldn't squeeze a session out. I probably could
have hung around until they turned the lights back on, or until the gym opened
for real, whichever came first, but I also figured that more rest is probably
good for me.

{{< dots >}}

This guy I work with who is really into fitness suggested that I look into some
supplements that he calls his "anti-inflammatory stack." Now, those are his
words, so I really have no idea how much these things affect inflammation of any
kind, but I figured I'd look into it.

The lineup is turmeric, fish oil, L-glutamine, and glutathione. The first two
I'd heard of, the last two I hadn't. I actually took some turmeric back when I
had covid and lost my sense of taste because some kids on reddit had said that
it helped.

Of course in an experiment with *n=1* there is literally no way to know, but my
taste did come back. I still have the bottle so I figured why not? The fish oil,
also, is popular and harmless so either it helps something or it doesn't but
there aren't many downsides.

I looked up L-glutamine and glutathione. L-glutamine is an amino acid that is
found in food and that your body produces. Great, probably harmless then.
Glutathione is an antioxidant that is also produced by the body. There is some
evidence that eating it doesn't do much because your stomach breaks it down, but
again, it's pretty harmless.

The L-glutamine is involved with the immune system and digestive system and it
appears that there are definitely benefits to taking it if you aren't getting
enough in other ways. The glutathione, though, doesn't seem as essential.

In addition to those, I resumed my regular multi-vitamin. I made sure to source
all of these from reputable brands, namely Nature Made and NOW Foods, both of
which manufacture in the US and have good track records of independent testing
and quality control.

My assessment is that these supplements will either help, or they will do
nothing, so what's the harm (other than eating more pills and spending more money)?

I will report back if I learn or observe more.
