---
title: "2025 03 06 16 33"
date: 2025-03-06T16:33:49-05:00
---

Back pain and climbing updates, as usual.<!--more-->

This whole lower back thing is such a goddamned roller coaster ride, I'm telling
you, it's unbelievable. I woke up this morning and it was really pinching, all
the way through the morning.

But my new *modus operandi* is to basically go full-on hardcore mode on
treatment. I no longer hesitate to take "vitamin-I" (ibuprofen) when it acts up.
It's still important to moderate it and be safe, so I only take as little as I
can, and only with food.

So I took 400mg with my breakfast, and all of my supplements, and honestly for
the rest of the day it's basically been *fine*. I can tell it *wants* to piss me
off, but so far so good.

I have one more sleep and one more workday and then it's *Friday guys' night
climb* which is becoming a thing. This'll be the second one. Last time the gym
was super dead, which was kind of awesome, honestly. It is probably a thing
where it quiets down around dinnertime and then doesn't ramp up again until
after 8pm (they're open till 11).

It is looking like three of my climbing buddies are going to be in (although you
never know until you know) so it should be a good time. I would like to focus on
more toprope this time because my boulder projects are all going to be really
hard... But I guess we'll see how everything goes.

There are a couple of new 5.8/5.9 problems that look fun so maybe we'll try
those out, and then I have my purple V5 project and the black V5 that `$WIFE`
sent last time that I couldn't start. That one's going to eat at me, I'm sure.

If I can pull this off, it'll be the second week in a row of three climbing
sessions in the week, which has been a goal of mine since last summer, and till
now just hasn't felt physically possible. That, by itself, is a huge win.
