---
title: "2025 03 16 14 17"
date: 2025-03-16T14:17:55-04:00
---

More website shenanigans, and more climbing stories.<!--more-->

#### The web

Oh, hello. Perhaps you noticed that more has changed. I've been having a ton of
fun leaning into some of the ideas that Sophie Koonin shared in a post
called [This page is under construction][sophie]. I really miss the "weird web"
of the '90s before everything became a MySpace or Facebook page and I'm doing
everything I can to carve out my little corner of this fucked place.

[sophie]: https://localghost.dev/blog/this-page-is-under-construction/

I was born in the '80s and I carry around some crippling nostalgia for BBSes and
the internet of the dialup age (when we still capitalized "Internet"). If you
are someone who remembers those times, I hope the design of this site triggers
something fond within you.

The latest addition is a theme, which you can twiddle with the "light," "ibm,"
and "vax" buttons at the top. It's work in progress, as is this site, and all of
my sites, and my life. A little better every day.

#### Climbing stories

Sunday is "family climb" day, though we're usually joined by our belay buddies
and a couple other gym regulars. I felt so good about my back yesterday, all
day, but for whatever reason it wasn't feeling as good this morning. It really
is a roller coaster and unexplainable and confusing, but it wasn't like *bad*
bad or anything.

So off we went. I would say I had a "medium gravity day." I felt pretty capable
but definitely not at my peak capacity. I got all the way to the end of my
project V5 (yellow) but I find it impossible to hold on to the last hold, which
is a sinister angled sloper. Still, getting to the end is real progress!

I hold out just a little hope that maybe on some other day I'll feel strong
enough to clamp on, but if I have to let it go I can make peace with that.

I took a few runs on my project V6 (tan) and while I didn't actually get any
further, I did get up onto it a few times. I think I locked in the start better
than before and I have most of the moves pretty mapped out, so maybe next time
I'll get it.

My other couple of buddies who sometimes climb with me on Fridays also came out.
We've been calling ourselves Team Crush because we crush climbs into rubble. It
was a good session for them, they each sent a handful of new stuff. All the cool
and fun V3s, one V4, and a V5. I had done them all before but I took a "victory
lap" on a few of them for fun.

`$WIFE` came along with her *bum arm* and hung out. I think everyone was happy
to see that she's in one piece and making a recovery. She is the "cult leader"
and encouraged everyone to work on their projects, or try "just one more time."
Overall it felt like a decent session. A good hang, some progress made, no new
sends for me, but felt pretty good.
