---
title: "2025 04 10 17 29"
date: 2025-04-10T17:29:10-04:00
---

Acupuncture debrief, more climbing.<!--more-->

On Tuesday I went in for my first acupuncture treatment. I think it's safe to
say that it went about as I expected it to. It isn't the world's most pleasant
thing (it's not like slipping into a hot tub or anything) but it's also not
terribly unpleasant, either.

A couple of the needles stung a little for a second or two going in, but most
were entirely painless. The sensation is... Weird? But like I said, not awful.
In addition to the needles, she also put an infrared heat lamp over my lower
back and that is nice by itself.

It only takes a couple of minutes to get all the needles in, and then you just
lay there for like 25 minutes. They give you a call button basically in case you
need something or, you know, to _abort mission_ or something. I have a theory
that the "call button" is literally a wireless doorbell.

Anyway, I tried to snooze, but the face cradle was not the most comfortable
thing, and I've had this issue with massages, too. I think I need to just make
sure it's exactly right before getting started. I was pretty relaxed but not
quite comfortable enough to doze off.

In any case, it all went fine, I tried to just daydream and position myself
where I was most comfortable and eventually she came back in and took all the
needles out and I was on my way.

If anything, I felt a little sleepy afterwards, but I observed no other
significant changes. I did a little more work and then we went off to the gym
for "family climb."

{{< dots >}}

The Tuesday climb was nice. `$WIFE` is cleared to climb with both hands as long
as she doesn't over-extend or yank hard on her previously dislocated arm, so
we took the opportunity to top rope together for a while, which was really nice.

We just climbed whatever looked fun, I climbed a white 5.7 (I think?)
one-handed, which has now become a thing. I attempted to climb a 5.10 with one
hand but one of the first holds rotated when I grabbed it and that basically
made it impossible to complete.

`$WIFE` sent the new 5.12- that I had done during her injury recovery and we did
another overhung 5.11 and a cool yellow 5.10. It was a good session, fun stuff,
low pressure, and nice to trade belays with `$WIFE` who usually focuses on
bouldering.

One thing I did notice was in bed that night, I got some pretty crazy aches in
my shoulder and arm, which prevented me from falling asleep for a while. I am
not sure if it was from acupuncture or climbing or both or neither, but I
haven't really ever had that. It wasn't soreness from muscular exertion, it was
more of a sharp ache.

In any event, it was gone by morning, so I am not worried about it but I note it
only because it was notable.

{{< dots >}}

On Wednesday, `$KID` had his climbing pre-team practice, so I planned to go and
do an ARC training session, this time starting on a 5.5 and focusing on staying
on the wall for the full ten minutes per round.

I got on the same blue 5.5 that I ended up on when I tried the first time,
queued up an episode of Freakonomics Radio (a podcast I really like), and got my
timer started. This session was successful! I was able to climb more or less
continuously for the full ten minutes for three separate rounds, with five
minutes of rest in between.

The first round didn't feel too bad, the second was tiring but doable, and the
last was quite a bit harder but I still didn't feel that I was reaching failure.
This is _probably_ good? I think failing is surely worse practice than being
able to power on for the whole time, but 5.5 might be slightly too easy for me.

I allowed myself to take a rest and re-chalk while on the wall, and I did that
only at the bottom of the climb. I probably only rested a few times in total and
I felt that was also good practice for resting as one would on a longer climb.

After the ARC session, one of my climbing friends appeared and we hung out just
climbing different auto-belays and trading beta.

I victory-lapped the 5.12-, this time using the "intended beta," which I quote
because the intended beta is a dyno but I am tall enough to do it more or less
statically. I also victory-lapped a blue 5.11 and did some other stuff. It felt
like a good and solid session even though I really didn't send anything new.

Climbing two days in a row actually felt pretty much fine this time.

{{< dots >}}

On the whole, my back has been feeling pretty great. I don't want to jinx it, it
isn't perfect, I'm not healed, this isn't a miracle, but it's been feeling good.
It is making me think that there is a real possibility that acupuncture will
help me, and that would be... Well, great. And very interesting.

My acupuncturist recommended at least six weekly treatments, so I'll go back
next Tuesday, and admittedly I am looking forward to it. I am quite hopeful for
what the outcome might be.
