---
title: "2025 02 24 06 12"
date: 2025-02-24T06:12:16-05:00
---

Holy shit is spring actually coming? And, surveying the week.<!--more-->

#### Spring

In New England we have a saying, "Don't like the weather? Wait till tomorrow."
We have famously fickle weather patterns out here and it can seem like every day
is a roll of the dice.

Lately it's just been as cold as a witch's tit and quite frankly I'm done with
it. We have had some snow, just enough to cover our solar panels so we don't
even get the benefits of the gradually lengthening days, and of course freeze
into a solid block of ice that our town is unable or unwilling to plow off the
sidewalk.

Winter would be easier to handle if we had better infrastructure and services.
You look at a place like Norway, or Sweden, and they've got winter on lock.
People are out riding their bikes in the winter because there are safe, treated
paths, and so on. Sure, we're better off than places further south where they
have no idea what to do when it snows, but as is typical for America, even New
England is unwilling to do anything that doesn't directly benefit cars.

Wow that was a rant.

It's supposed to get up into the 40s today, and into the 50s for the next three
days. I welcome this! I can't wait to be able to step outside and not feel like
nature is actively trying to murder me.

We'll have some rain on Thursday but a 40- or 50-degree rain is absolutely
preferable to these 10-degree mornings we've been having. At least it's stayed
above the single-digits, but for me, 17 is basically the same as 7.

#### The week ahead

I'm maybe hopefully doing a guest appearance today on a podcast that a couple of
former work colleagues have been doing for a while, which could definitely be
fun and exciting for me. I don't think I've ever been a podcast guest. OK, no, I
did appear once on a very shady entrepreneur podcast and I don't think they ever
posted the episode.

Just checked again, yup, they posted someone else's interview with my episode
title, what a bunch of losers. I won't even name the podcast because it doesn't
deserve your time.

February school break is (finally!) over, so we're back to our regular daily
schedule now. No more driving for an hour to drop `$KID` off at his camp in the
morning. We'll be out at the bus stop today at 8am as per usual.

I'm definitely still trying to figure out what I want my climbing schedule to be
now that `$KID` is in pre-team on Mondays and Wednesdays. `$WIFE` is pretty much
up for climbing on any day at any time although I think now she's rethinking how
much rest she's getting between sessions.

We normally went Sunday during `$KID`'s class, then Tuesday for "family climb,"
then `$WIFE` would go Thursday morning and I would normally not climb again
because my body couldn't handle it.

I've wanted to add a third day for a long time but as soon as I've done that
like one time, my back starts getting mad at me.

We did go yesterday and I had a pretty good session, `$WIFE` will take `$KID` to
pre-team tonight and not climb, then I'll probably go tomorrow with
`$BELAY_BUDDY` solo, then `$WIFE` is going to do a night session on Thursday.

I've reconnected with another person I met at the gym months ago who has
apparently been recovering from an injury or something and he expressed interest
in doing Friday afternoons, so it's possible that I add a Friday this week, but
that will also depend on how my back is feeling.

I suppose in the long-term it's fine if neither of us climb on Mondays or
Wednesdays and just bring `$KID` there for his practice. It's technically
drop-off, too, so maybe there are other things I could do.

I think it just feels like a waste to drive all the way there and not climb or
train at all. It's *juuuust* far enough away that it doesn't feel trivial. It
can be 30-45 minutes depending on traffic, and during the week it's more like 40.

I did consider using Wednesday to do more accessory training, like some
hangboard, or whatever. The last couple times I've gone, I've just done my own
solo writing or reconfiguring my HubSpot account or whatever.

{{< dots >}}

I'm feeling pretty good about my back today, though. It was starting to act up a
little in the latter half of yesterday's session, but I woke up today feeling
none the worse for wear. Maybe all these weirdo supplements are actually
helping?

Today is a "rest day" so we'll see how it feels at the end!
