---
title: "2025 03 14 14 23"
date: 2025-03-14T14:23:32-04:00
---

Why are we here?<!--more-->

> Software is eating the world.

Marc Andreessen wrote that in 2011. It was accurate back then, and has only
gotten more accurate since. Of course now it's AI that's eating the world. And
software written by AI, maybe.

As the capabilities of these "productized" AI systems continue to grow and they
do more and more for us, some tangible part of the zeitgeist is preoccupied with
what this means for productivity, for labor, for our futures as human beings.
What will we do, when AI does everything?

That's a huge question to answer, and I'm ill-equipped to even guess, but
rolling these ideas around in my head has only made me more curious. If
"agentic" AI systems get to a point where "build me a marketing campaign for XYZ
product and focus on short-form video" is a thing you could really do, and it
would just start spewing tailor-made clips out onto all the platforms, every
day, for months... How fucked are we then?

Try to imagine, just for a second, a world where any product, literally of any
kind, can contribute more advertising rubbish to this already exploding firehose
of clawing, begging, urgent appeals for our time and money that we're already
literally drowning in. Imagine every campaign becoming fully multimedia, hitting
on all fronts simultaneously with text, video, banners, podcast spots, and so
on.

How will anyone sell anything? Why do people even want to sell this shit,
anyway? Who needs "underpants for your hands" or "diet water?" (Those products
exist, by the way).

{{< dots >}}

Surely many of the products that exist came into being because someone earnestly
saw a problem and wanted to solve it. The human capacity for ingenuity knows no
bounds, and why not make a living at it, too?

But as David Graeber described in his iconic essay, "Bullshit Jobs," a lot of
the work we do nowadays is kind of pointless. A lot of the products we create
are pretty stupid as well. We only do it because, well, we kind of have to.

We need to do some kind of work because we need money in order to survive, so
there's that.

When I think about the deluge of AI-generated advertising slop that is about to
suffocate us for eternity, I keep coming back to the question of why we're even
doing all of this. The promise of technology and automation was that we could
work less and live great lives of leisure, exploring the arts, creating culture,
having deep relationships with humans.

Yet, here we are, about a hundred years out from the industrial revolution, more
isolated than ever, working as hard as ever. The number of hours worked per week
by the average American has actually been roughly unchanged in many decades. All
of this innovation, all of these labor-saving devices, and yet still we toil.

The machine must be fed. Our economy requires growth, growth requires blood, and
it can only come from our veins.

So yeah, I'm an AI optimist.
