---
title: "2025 05 15 10 17 Thursday"
date: 2025-05-15T10:17:24-04:00
---

Meditations.<!--more-->

I started to feel some back pain yesterday morning, kind of out of the blue, as
Tuesday felt very strong overall. Since I didn't climb or do anything strenuous
at all on Tuesday, I am at a loss for what is happening.

Yesterday, Wednesday, it felt less than great all day. I had an otherwise normal
day, and then I took `$KID` to pre-team and climbed as I usually would. I'll
write about that later. I did take some ibuprofen on the way to the gym but the
climb felt pretty good up until about hour two and then I decided to stop.

Part of my new health routine is (unguided) meditation. There may be value in
guided meditation, or more purposeful reflection of a meditative nature, but
I've approached this so far as a simple practice of clearing my mind and
noticing what comes up.

I meditate for ten minutes, with a bell at the two five-minute increments.
Eventually I'll do the whole ten without the bell, but it's helping me to know
when I'm at that halfway point because it is taking me a bit longer now to get
into a clear state of mind and knowing when I'm halfway gives me some permission
to be sloppy in the first half.

What kept coming up for me was both the pink V5 that is now my new project, and
thoughts about the lead test I'm helping my friend with this evening. I have a
fair bit of anxiety about lead climbing still, especially in our gym with
shorter walls.

I have only taken planned falls (or unannounced but planned falls, as we do in
the test). I've taken the lead class at our gym, and done the test in two gyms,
so I've fallen off of lead climbs on purpose a handful of times. Nevertheless,
falling on lead is one of the scariest things climbers deal with.

Part of the fear is not knowing how far you'll fall. It's a function of how far
above the clip you have climbed, and also how much slack your belayer has
introduced. Of course, in a test situation, there is also the instructor who
typically does a backup belay and is watching everything, so they should notice
if there is too much slack.

Still, what feels really fucked up is falling on purpose, and without warning.
Just kind of releasing from a climb and not knowing how far you'll fall is a
stupid feeling. I don't, personally, love it.

This came up repeatedly during my meditation so it is clear to me that I am
preoccupied by it in some way and this is me journaling about it to try to
surface what I'm feeling in the hope that recognizing and managing it will
improve my back.

As an aside, my skeptical mind and my spiritual mind are still raging an all-out
battle in my head about whether my emotional state has a direct effect on how my
back feels. But none of this reflection can possibly be bad, so as my other
friend suggests, I'm "doing all the things."

Part of my anxiety is a vicious cycle triggered by how my back feels. If I think
I'm feeling something bad, I worry about it hurting too much to allow me to do
things I want to do. That happened yesterday, and I had an OK session, and I
don't think it was a weaker session because of my back.

Then on top of that there is the anxiety about doing the lead test itself. A
thing that I have done two times before and have always passed. Even the guy at
CRG gave us constructive feedback but said he was passing us because we did all
the safety things right.

So I have anxiety about being physically up for doing a silly lead climb on
probably a 5.9 or something, and also about doing an unannounced fall or two
(probably only one?). When in reality, I can just take some ibuprofen and
probably feel just fine, and I've done these tests a couple of times and they've
always been entirely OK.

But my hands are sweating as I type this so obviously there's something under
the surface there.

It's OK to feel scared, too. Most climbers are afraid of falling. The fear is
not all bad, either. Fear can be good. Fear is good when it propels you forward
and pushes you to achieve something. It's bad when it holds you back.

The goal is to acknowledge that I'm afraid, and capture that power to help me
get this thing done, which will probably take fifteen minutes and be a complete
non-event, just like when we got certified at CRG.

Then, after that, auto-belay all the fun climbs that got set since the last time
I auto-belayed there, which was a million years ago. While a comp is going on
and people are climbing hard shit. That might be super fun to watch, too.
