---
title: "2024 12 02"
date: 2024-12-02T06:21:05-05:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - V3 comp problem (app grade)
 - V4 comp problem (app grade)
---

It's December, it's 19 degrees outside, and we have work to do.<!--more-->

#### Sends

{{< sends >}}

Briefly recapping the weekend, we did Thanksgiving with my folks on Saturday.
`$wife` doesn't drink (coming up on four years) and my dad is recovering, so we
had a dry Thanksgiving this year. My sister and her husband maybe had more
trouble with it than we did. I think it went well overall; we ate food and then
went to Winterlights, which was fine.

There's a lot more to reflect on about having a sober wife and how my
perspective has changed from what might be considered "the norm," but not today.

Sunday we went to a birthday for our climbing friend's son, who is friends with
my son (in the way that kids that age are; fast and fickle). It was at a
ninja/trampoline/arcade type place and everyone got onto the obstacles.

I was still feeling some trailing anxiety from last Wednesday but I felt the
FOMO about not jumping so I got out there and it was fine. Maybe 10 or 15
minutes in to jumping around, the fire alarm went off and they evacuated us,
sock feet and all, out onto the grass hill on the other side of the parking lot
so that the fire department could diagnose a gas leak! So that was a thing.

After the party we got home, I ate a PB&J, and we went to our climbing gym for a
little family climb. I wasn't feeling the strongest but I sent a couple of comp
boulders (graded V3 and V4 in the app), worked on a couple others, and generally
felt okay though tired.

My back got a little "tweaked out" at the end and I stopped. This morning it
feels better but still not resolved. Hopefully PT, a low-impact workday, and
another sleep will sort me out.

Tomorrow we should *finally* have our first lead climbing class, which has been
rescheduled a number of times. Scheduling has become a nightmare and we're
barreling toward Christmas now so we'll see if any of this even happens.

Meanwhile, at `$work` we're pushing to get an MVP of our latest project into the
hands of customers before we break for the holidays, and I'm the tech lead of
the project so it falls to me to rally and get this thing into shape. There is
still a lot to do, but the question is always "what must be done to call it
ready?"

That will be the focus of my day; organizing what needs to be done, ruthlessly
cutting what doesn't, and figuring out who does what (probably I do most of it,
which is fine, but I like to know).

It always feels like there's more to say, but that's it for now.
