---
title: "2025 04 08 06 44"
date: 2025-04-08T06:44:20-04:00
---

More thoughts about the stock market and tariffs and economics from an
unsophisticated layman.<!--more-->

I fundamentally believe that having our society's entire incentive system tied
up in "the market" is one of the core risks of our world. What America has
really done wrong, apart from creating the stock market in the first place, is
failing to police it like the rest of the world has.

Without strict regulation, it is apparent that the pillagers will pillage and
the rapists will rape until we are all desiccated husks, our pockets devoid of a
single fiat coin. That may not be their wish, as many of them are pillaging
themselves in very real ways, and yet it is the emergent behavior of most
corporations.

So it follows, then, that one thing the oligarchs cannot abide is their wealth
being soaked up by a market crash. The one thing that I've said again and again
and again is that our investments are safe as long as the market is the way
these powerful assholes got powerful and stay powerful.

Trump is playing with fire. I think that *he thinks* that he has power granted
by the people, that the majority of Americans believe in him for some
fundamental reason. And look, I think that to the extent we've ever done this
before (and we haven't), we still have a functioning democracy, and Trump was
elected fairly by a very slim margin for a collection of reasons valid to those
who cast the ballots.

I do, I do believe that. But I don't believe that crashing the markets will end
well for Mr. Trump. Because while he may have won a free and fair election by a
slim margin of real voters, the way people win elections in America is with
money, and the money is held by the capitalists, and it's the capitalists who
pull the strings.

Will Trump defy his donors and his enablers? He is not very rich or very smart.
He owes everything to his showmanship, which convinced enough people that he was
the horse to bet on, but now he's betraying what is typically the secret pact of
politicians: you don't fuck over your benefactors.

Just the other day, Elon got on some stream and went on for a while about his
"hope" that we'll get to a "zero tariff situation" and that there could be free
migration between Europe and the US. Huh. That's peculiar. That seems like the
opposite of what is currently happening.

Meanwhile, Trump was asked if DOGE would continue if Elon wasn't running it (a
leading question if ever there was one) and he fumbled around in the way that he
does and basically said no. How interesting!

Just as this DOGE train was leaving the station, I was heard to announce that I
don't believe that those two egos can fit into the same room together, and boy
they really tried didn't they, but I believe we are starting to see the clash of
the egomaniacs come to a head. One can hope.

{{< dots >}}

If there is one thing to take away from all of this, it's the undeniable truth
that the strings in this country are pulled by the capitalists, and that the one
thing the capitalists hate is having their capital fucked with.

Imagine being Bezos or Zuck sitting in the rotunda, cheering for their guy, the
guy who was meant to look after them and shelter them and make them richer and
more... Masculine, or whatever. Then imagine them grasping for their iPhones in
the dim light of morning to glance at their portfolios through crusted eye slits
and seeing the graphs going down, down, down.

All the numbers are red.

What will happen next?
