---
title: "2025 05 24 06 03 Saturday"
date: 2025-05-24T06:03:41-04:00
---

Pain workbook, illness, and a busy schedule.<!--more-->

OK so I'm a few chapters through The Pain Management Workbook now and it's
starting to get into more practical stuff. Right from the jump, it's clear to me
that the workbook is really intended for people with much more severe chronic
pain than I have, which is, in its way, encouraging.

That is, things could be a lot worse, I could be forcing myself to stay in bed
for days or weeks, I could be suffering so much that I don't do basic daily
tasks, and so far that hasn't been the case. Even when things were at their
worst, I was still getting up and getting dressed.

What I've taken from it so far that feels valuable to me is the notion of the
"pain volume" and that it's likely that my obsessing over the presence of pain
(a thing that I do with lots of things that aren't pain) has been increasing the
volume, and where I find myself now is in a state where whatever minor
irritation is left, physically, in my back, is just getting expressed loudly by
my anxious mind.

It's still useful to remember that "hurt isn't harm," and to repeat that pain
doesn't mean I'm in danger, and that (in Dr. Sarno's words) it is "harmless."

The workbook has just introduced some mindfulness techniques including breath
work, the body scan, and the muscle flexing relaxation thing that has a name
that I forgot. I've done all of these things before when I was getting into
guided meditation, so I skimmed the sections. This reinforces the idea that a
brief meditation can be a way to combat flare-ups.

So, now when I feel a pinch or a little ache or something, I try to think of
that as exposure therapy. It isn't there to be the target of ire as much as a
signal that I need to become desensitized to. Since there's nothing wrong with
me and I can climb 5.12-, these pain signals are useless and harmless
over-reactions from my anxiety and the emotional trauma surrounding it.

{{< dots >}}

I still have a sore throat and it made it pretty hard to sleep. So that's two
nights in a row of shitty sleep with a painful throat. Will I kick it today? I
truly hope so, it always feels a bit better once I'm awake, but I have one more
night before I'll be up in the woods climbing and sleeping in a tent and I'd
love to not be miserable the whole time.

I'll probably take some ibuprofen, I have a headache now as well, and just feel
pretty beaten down.

In about 45 minutes we'll shove off to drop `$KID` with his grandparents, and
then immediately turn around and go straight to meet up with our old friend who
used to work at our gym to learn how to rappel!

After that we'll come home and figure out our packing strategy for the climbing
trip and then we have nothing else scheduled so I'll be able to bank some more
relaxation and probably chug some more vitamin C and try to kick this sore throat.


