---
title: "2025 05 05 11 05 Monday"
date: 2025-05-05T11:05:42-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Yellow V1
 - Blue V2
 - Red V3
 - Green V3
 - Yellow V4
 - Yellow V4
 - Yellow V4
 - Yellow V4
 - Black V4
 - Black V4
 - Black V4
---

Climb log and then some borderline insane ideas about back pain from Dr. John E.
Sarno, MD.<!--more-->

#### Sunday climb

We usually climb on Sundays but this Sunday we originally planned to take the
kids to Quincy Quarries ("the Qs") for outdoor climbing but the weather looked
sketchy so we redirected to the South Boston Rock Spot instead. We brought
`$KID` but it was mostly adults.

In a rare surprise both of my other gym buddies showed up and one of them
brought two of *his* climbing friends as well, so we had a pretty good crew
going. It's always a lot more fun to climb with more people across a range of
abilities, though I'd say we all seemed pretty well matched in the V4-V6 sort of zone.

I had a very productive session, sending at least 11 climbs:

{{< sends >}}

Seems like I really like yellow, huh?

At the time, I got kinda down on myself for not sending any of the V5s that I
attempted, which is a common psychological pitfall of mine. I love to punish
myself for not living up to some imaginary standard that I invented, as if that
does anything useful for anyone.

As I was reflecting on that, I realized that one month from now will be the
one-year anniversary of the moment that my back problems really flared up.
That's not especially significant in itself, but I had attributed all of my pain
to one pink V4 climb that I did at the beginning of June '24.

That was a "landmark" climb for me, at least significant enough that I filmed
it. I even have multiple videos of it because it took me multiple tries that day
to finish it, and that was not the first session that I'd worked on it, either.
This was a challenge for me, and a huge win.

Then I look back at my session yesterday, during which I was feeling all bad
about not sending any V5s or whatever. I sent *seven* V4s! In one session!
That's probably the most V4s I've ever sent in a single session. In fact, I know
for sure that it is.

On top of that, while I don't really keep track because it's slightly toxic, I
know that a handful of them were flashes. Last year, it was a really big deal to
send any V4, and this year I'm flashing them one after the next. If that's not
progress, I don't know what is.

It was a really solid session, even if I need to take extra time to remind
myself of that. As they say,

> Comparison is the thief of joy.

It's easy to look around and make comparisons, and sometimes comparisons are how
we find ourselves in this chaotic melange we call "life." But to compare and as
a result feel "unworthy" or "behind" is simply torture with no purpose.

Going forward, I want to look at climbing as play, which is what it once was all
the time, and remember to recenter myself on that idea when I start to feel that
internal judgment surface. I'm a judgy type, so this will probably be often.

#### Back pain

I just read (well, I'm very close to the end) "Healing Back Pain: The Mind-Body
Connection" by Dr. John E. Sarno, MD. I don't know anything about this guy
except that he's a medical doctor and he teaches at NYU (or at least did).

He claims that he has successfully treated *thousands* of cases of "chronic
pain" in the back, shoulders, arms, feet, and on and on, but the book really
centers on the back. I found the book through [a post by Aaron Iba on his
website][iba].

[iba]: https://aaroniba.net/how-i-cured-my-rsi-pain

Aside from having an obviously great name, Aaron Iba is also a programmer and a
self-professed critic of voodoo bullshit (my words) and yet experienced
immediate relief from RSI by implementing ideas in this book. That (and the $3
price tag) convinced me to at least read it.

If you visit the post above, you'll find numerous comments there exclaiming that
the book had a huge impact on others, as well. This is all obviously anecdotal,
but even anecdotes may be evidence of *something*.

If you're curious you can read Aaron's post, or the book, or both. Suffice it to
say, I am a tiny bit skeptical, but I'm also rather more open-minded about these
things (especially the mind's power over the body) than perhaps the average
person. I have read enough about the impressive capability of the placebo
effect, and I've experienced how an acute panic attack can express itself in a
way indistinguishable from real physical distress.

There is no reason I can think of that what Dr. Sarno writes in his book *must
not be true*, which means that either it is at least a little true or it's a lot true.

Maybe the important question is *how true is it for me?*

I think there's a good chance that my back problems are a combination of some
underlying physical thing *as well as* a psychological phenomenon. Surely
attacking it from all angles can't be bad?

Dr. Sarno repeats many times throughout the book that the pain is "harmless" in
that it is caused by this psychological tension and not by a physical or
mechanical problem. Since no doctor has been yet able to point to anything
physically wrong with me, I have to conclude that he is right.

The big take-away for me is the idea that living in fear of causing or
exacerbating the pain, and as a result avoiding doing the things you really want
to do, is the prison that the pain locks you up in. Getting free from that,
mentally, is the first step. Not letting the pain own you or control you.

Several weeks ago I got myself into a very strong mindset of not letting the
pain control my life, and as if by magic it did go away. I may have taken an
ibuprofen now or then but I had a few of the best weeks since last year.

Now, for the past two weeks, it has been back, and back with something of a
vengeance. Today, this morning, was one of the worst mornings in months I think
(though I should maybe keep a better record). Is there an underlying emotional
cause??

If nothing else, what I intend to do is take back control. I run this show, not
my shitty subconscious with all of its anxiety and baggage. I steer this ship,
and I've got shit I gotta do, so I won't let this pain get in my way!

Let's see if a real mindset shift, and spending more time reflecting on my
emotional state, can get me back on track.
