---
title: "2024 10 07"
date: 2024-10-07T06:10:09-04:00
---

It's a rainy Monday; still trying to beat Persona 5 Royal; getting dragged back
into management things?

### Rain

It's supposed to drizzle on and off for most of the day today, giving way to
sunshine and low-60s highs through the rest of the week. It just feels hard to
get the week started in the rain, y'know?

### Persona 5 Royal

I have played probably 100 hours of this game, and overall it's been really
good. There is one notoriously difficult battle, with a guy called Okumura,
[which I previously wrote a lot about][okumura], but otherwise it's a pretty good
difficulty balance for me.

[okumura]: {{< ref "2024-09-05" >}}

I've reached the final boss, I attempted the fight once and got to the last
phase and then he just murdered my whole party with one strong attack, so I took
the option to fall back to the area just before the battle and I've been
"dungeon grinding" there to raise my level.

I think I'm pretty close to where I want to be to do another attempt, but I have
this grinding circuit so perfectly figured out now that I've just been doing it
mindlessly while watching reruns of old shows. Currently it's "Lie to Me," an
entertaining procedural starring Tim Roth.

### Managers gotta manage

I was a manager of large engineering teams for several years. The largest team I
managed was like 40-ish people, so I had two layers of managers under me. When
you move from doing the work to orchestrating the work, a lot changes; it's
definitely a distinct skill set.

A couple of years ago, I left that world. I ran a solo coaching practice for a
year, and then joined a start-up as an individual contributor. I am one of a
handful of folks at this company who were managers before and wanted to leave
that behind.

Anyway, now and then, the situation calls out for someone to just organize
things and level the expectations among everyone and so forth, and one of those
moments is now. I kind of hate having to be the one to do it, but, I can't
dispute that I'm probably the right person for the job... So here we go again.
