---
title: "2024 11 05"
date: 2024-11-05T06:42:09-05:00
---

Doors, doors, doors; my body continues to fall apart; a brief review of Thief
(2014).

Apart from this sentence I'm going to do my best not to mention the fact that it
is election day in the United States. The name of our country continues to feel
less and less true. I'll leave it at that.

#### Doors! Doors! Doors?

After weeks of waiting we received the *new* new door, to replace the *broken*
new door (which is installed in the house at present). It was supposed to come
last Thursday but ended up coming on Friday, so we missed the window to have our
contractor work on it. He told us he could come Wednesday, but due to some other
unexpected schedule change, he's coming today.

My fingers are crossed so hard I might break them that this door is not full of
cracks and dents and gets installed properly and smoothly. There's also a giant
hole in our kitchen floor where the subfloor was rotted out that they need to
replace.

I'll be glad to have this all done and dusted. This is not the season to have a
giant hole in the back of our house for hours of the day.

#### I'm falling apart

I trained overhangs on Friday and that made me quite sore and I strained my
*other* knee so now both of them are yelling at me. I felt good to climb again
on Sunday as usual and I worked on this terribly difficult V4 (which may be more
like a V5 but it's debatable) and that strained my whole body a lot.

After climbing we all got flu shots and I really felt it yesterday. On top of
the soreness and everything else, I had some major fatigue and brain fog and
spent basically the whole afternoon staring into the void.

I am feeling overall much better today, but my back is a little off, so I am
going to hang back and not climb today as we usually would. I have to remind
myself that not too long ago I couldn't even conceive of climbing and I'm in
such a better place now, I'm truly grateful for that.

#### Thief (2014)

I've been playing this 2014 remake of "Thief," a game in which you play as a
medieval-times-ish "black hand" running thievery missions to save the country
from an evil baron. It scratches the rogue itch a little bit, but I have notes.

My biggest gripe is that the map sucks. I think what they were going for is a
play style where you memorize the paths through the city's two districts, but
because you can only see one district of the city at a time, you can't see any
of the marked locations outside of the district you're in.

On top of that, the spots where you can move from one district to another are
not marked, so you do have to memorize which adjoining parts of the map are
connected and which aren't. This all just leads to more frustration than realism
in my opinion.

Maybe the thing that bugs me the most is the overall stealth mechanic and the
NPC AI. Sometimes you're crouched in a shadow and you're all but invisible, or
you "swoop" past an NPC in the light and they just do a "huh what was that?" but
then other times you are standing in a clear shadow but the light touches you
for one second and everyone goes into high alert and starts shooting at you.

It's those moments where the whole stealth experience falls apart for me.
Granted it's an older game and also not the most popular. Hardcore fans of the
series pretty much hated it and I knew that going in. I'm still having fun with
it, but I'm a little disappointed given that it's a Square/Enix game and they
should know what they're doing.
