---
title: "2025 04 25 16 11"
date: 2025-04-25T16:11:30-04:00
---

On massage, and other things.<!--more-->

#### Massage

My doctor suggested that I could try massage and acupuncture as additional ways
of managing my chronic lower back issues. Ultimately it will be physical therapy
that will turn this thing around, but since I cosplay as an open-minded person I
thought it wise to take the advice.

Today I had my second massage with the nice woman whom my sister sees, and now I
have some thoughts. First, massage is nice, I like massage. An actual massage
done by an actual human is surely the apex of the massage experience. The spot
where I went is very cozy and the woman who runs it is the sole practitioner and
sees only one client at a time so it's very relaxed and nice.

There are two downsides. First, laying flat for any length of time almost always
irritates my back; it likes to stay in motion and when I sleep I roll over back
and forth all night. In addition, the prone position is even more difficult, so
we tried to bolster with some rolled up cloths but I think I would need to go
even further to make it work for me.

That is likely a solvable problem. What's less solvable is that an hour of
massage is $145. I could see doing it maybe, *maybe*, once a month. But that's a
lot of dough.

After a massage, I do feel quite relaxed throughout my body, but that's offset
by what is typically some pretty bad lower back aching from the motionlessness.
That makes it a mixed bag indeed, and the "glow" of having had the massage
doesn't last long, less than an hour I'd say.

I can imagine that a massage would be fantastic after a very hard workout or
some other physically traumatic type of experience, as a way to relax everything
again, but I'm not sure that it's helping with my back at all.

#### Doing regular adult things

It's school vacation and `$KID` is at his grandparents', so `$WIFE` and I have
been doing various kid-free things. We went to dinner, we went out and saw a
movie (*The Amateur*, maybe I'll write about it later), and today we're going to
go for a bike ride and hopefully park the bikes at Margarita's for dinner.

Not that Margarita's is a real dinner destination, but it is directly along the
bike trail so it seemed like the thing to do. It got up to 81 degrees today for
some reason but it's already fallen back to 66 and my shorts day is becoming a
pants day again.

Still, I put the bike racks back onto the car, so we're officially in bike
season now. Tomorrow we have another kid-free day and I honestly am not sure
what we're going to do. We have dinner reservations with one of my friends and
his wife because they also sent their kids away to their grandparents', but
other than that I think I'll just catch up on chores and read and watch a lot of
Twin Peaks.

That sounds glorious, though, doesn't it?

#### Climbing continues

On Sunday we had tentatively planned to go down to a climbing spot called Beach
Pond where there are a good number of sport routes at reasonable grades for our
first time leading outdoors, but the weather looks pretty sketchy. So instead, I
think we're all going to go to a Central Rock Gym with really high walls and do
some leading there.

I'm rather psyched actually to lead on walls with 8+ clips. The tallest I've
ever done so far is about five (plus the hooks), so that should really test me.
I'll have to pass their lead test but I'm told it's not so bad... We shall see!
The test is both climbing and belaying, so as the climber you have to climb up
to maybe 5 clips and then take an unannounced fall. As the belayer, you just
have to demonstrate safe belaying and do a soft catch I think.

Then `$KID` will be back and next week we'll resume our regular schedule of
`$WIFE` taking him to pre-team on Monday, all of us climbing Tuesday, and me
taking him to pre-team on Wednesday.

Work gave us all Friday off just to be nice, so we're hoping to get out and
climb outside if the weather is good. I'd like to go to one of the spots `$WIFE`
has gone that I haven't yet, like College Rock (which is closest so might be the
clear winner here) or Crow Hill. Although I'd also return to Ross Rocks, it's
just a further drive and may not be worth it.
