---
title: "2024 10 08"
date: 2024-10-08T06:55:25-04:00
---

New game plus; my poor great dentist; climbing.

I finally beat Persona 5 Royal! After grinding for maybe a couple of hours in
the final "temple," I got to a high enough level that all of the battles there
were trivial, and I got a persona with the ability to be resurrected from KO
with full HP one time per battle.

I figured that would be enough to see me through, and I'll say, the final boss
battle was long and difficult. Mainly the end part when he starts going all-out
on you, but I'll be honest, I didn't notice if that resurrection skill was used.
I definitely did have everyone else in my party die, though.

Ultimately after grinding, it only took one more attempt, so now I've come back
around to *new game plus*. I'm interested in maxing out all of my confidant
relationships and the other social stats I failed to max on the first run.

I think the game will be pretty fun if the first few palaces are trivial battle
challenges.

### Dentists are crooks

OK that's probably a little mean, but seriously, it seems like most dentists, at
least around here, over-prescribe procedures because they struggle to make ends
meet. I see this guy a few towns away who is literally the only dentist I've had
in the Boston area who isn't trying to pull me in for additional procedures.

Meanwhile, he has lost most of his staff, does a lot of the cleanings himself,
and now he's added a whole suite of cosmetic procedures that he offers because
simple dentistry isn't enough to make rent. He's literally doing Botox and shit
in his office.

But you know, I respect that. He has added sources of revenue that are honest
and fair, rather than trying to milk insurance companies by doing unnecessary
procedures like so-called "deep cleanings" or just doing a bunch of spurious
fillings and crowns.

Look it up, dental over-prescription is a huge problem.

Anyway this came up because I'm going in for a cleaning today, which I
anticipate will be uneventful.

### Climbing

Going climbing later. Will fill this in afterwards.
