---
title: "2023 01 04"
date: 2023-01-04T06:19:59-05:00
---

I'll try to do a better job of keeping up with these, as it helps me organize my
thoughts about the day. I haven't established a great habit of when I'll sit
down and do it, so perhaps I will do that for myself. I think 4pm feels like a
good moment in time to just jot things down.

This is not 4pm, it's 6:30am and I just wanted to close the gap since the last
status update. Everyone is healthy except me, and I'm unhealthy only on
paper. I've tested positive for covid basically every day since last week, and
it's hard to say there's a definitive trend in any direction, but I feel fine so
it's just a matter of time now.

I ran out of "iHealth" tests so I took a "BinaxNOW" one this morning and the
test line is very, very faint. Obviously two different brands of tests are not
comparable, so who knows what this means, but a faint line is generally good
because it means there is less virus material to detect.

{{< dots >}}

Do we do dots on here? I like dots.

There was no school on Monday and I was still isolating in the bedroom so I did
nothing of import. The amount of things of no import I've done in the last week
is monumental. I've watched all of Rick & Morty season 6, most of the entire
Solar Opposites show (3 seasons), and a handful of other movies and old TV shows
from my own library.

I have consumed an absolutely immeasurable quantity of reddit and Twitter and
Mastodon posts.

I'm ready to distance myself from social media a bit. Not because it's hurting
me psychologically, but mainly because it's a huge distraction from everything,
and from boredom, which I used to enjoy more.

{{< dots >}}

I got "back in the saddle" yesterday, mostly, and sat in the first two-hour
"client creation sprint" session with Robert Ellis and crew. It was OK, it was a
very "orientation" type of session so we didn't do a ton or get deep on any
topics, but it's going to be a good kick in the pants for me.

The *challenge* that was issued for this week was to e-mail 10 people about
referrals. I started doing this last year, coincidentally, using precisely the
same basic template from the community forum.

So, I buckled down, and I sent two yesterday. I will need to do about two a day
all week to get me there.

Again, my biggest fear in all of this is that I'm going to run out of people to
email. But, also, one of the fears is associated with emailing people I'm not
*confident* will receive it well, and that's a fear I need to get over.

Oh, and my other fear is that I forget whom I've emailed and I email the same
person multiple times and come across as a real try-hard. That's actually worse
than just coming across as a person who needs help. Needing help is normal.

{{< dots >}}

Agenda for today includes starting a new post, or two. Emailing at least two
more people. Having a great new-year session with my client. Writing to at least
one person about setting up "coaching office hours."

A day of opportunity awaits.
