---
title: "2025 01 20"
date: 2025-01-20T09:34:31-05:00
---

Some thoughts I have about the necessity for pain to help us to fix the things
we knew all along we needed to fix. A personal and political essay.<!--more-->

I sometimes listen to Douglas Rushkoff's "Team Human" podcast, which is
ostensibly about how to reclaim the power of our humanity and our communities as
the systems around us are absorbed by big tech and our governance structures do
nothing to stop it. By means of example, Rushkoff's latest book is called
"Survival of the Richest," which explores the bonkers ways that tech
billionaires think about sheltering themselves from an approaching apocalypse
that they, themselves, are accelerating.

In his latest monologue, Rushkoff used a term that jumped out to me: "our
necessary traumas."

Our *necessary* traumas. So many things came to mind when I heard that. The
trauma that I endure as a result of my ongoing physical therapy, the trauma that
we will endure as a country because we elected Donald Trump again, and the
traumas that are wrought upon employees by man-child CEOs propped up by billions
of dollars of organizational inertia.

Sometimes, we have to reach rock bottom before we can start climbing back out
again. It seems to me that America very broadly has this problem: that we can't
seem to do the things we need to do until the problems they would solve become
so large, so looming, that they cannot be ignored. There is always this smaller
group of people screaming at the top of their lungs to *please for the love of
god just do something*, but it doesn't happen until it *must* happen.

{{< dots >}}

I've suffered from periodic lower back problems for many years. Decades. But in
my defense, it would come and go, and often by the time I could get in to see a
doctor it had resolved and the most they could offer me is "come back when it
actually hurts."

I had a "flare-up" (which is what physical therapists call this) a few years
back, but by the time I did get to a physical therapist, it wasn't happening
anymore. She prescribed me a sequence of movements and stretches, which I
proceeded to completely ignore because without any pain to treat it just seemed
unnecessary.

Fast-forward to last year when it was almost as bad as it had ever been, and let
me tell you: pain is an excellent motivator. Now I've been doing a physical
therapy routine daily for six months and it has been steadily improving my life
in a bunch of different ways.

But while the exercises do help, I've also had this low-grade discomfort daily
for at least as long, and I think that the physical therapy routine is as much a
trigger as it is a salve. Previously when I would have a flare-up, I would
mainly take bed rest, use a heating pad, use an ice pack, and eventually it
would clear up and I'd go back to my shitty daily habits of bad sitting posture,
poor lumbar spine flexibility, poor hip flexibility, and so on.

I'd resume traditional weight-lifting workouts, and eventually I'd do something
in just the wrong way and start the cycle over again. Without an investment in
long-term flexibility and mobility, how could I expect that anything would truly
improve?

This *necessary trauma* is a motivator, and a reminder.

{{< dots >}}

An American majority voted for Donald Trump, and he will be inaugurated on this
frigid but sunny January day. Undoubtedly, Trump and his cabinet of
self-involved, boot-licking, variably racist, misogynist, and likely felonious
adherents will shit on a lot of good things that many of us (including his own
voters) enjoy, or even need.

It is a stiff price to pay, and it is painful to watch the thoughtful systems
we've built to protect us get eroded or disassembled before our eyes. But maybe
this is the *necessary trauma* that will wake us up to what is happening to us,
and to what consequences we ought to have expected from our misled behaviors.

I hope that the wake-up call is heard ringing loudly within the Democratic
National Committee, or at least to those within it who are young enough to still
be able to hear a bell at all. We've certainly allowed America to slip into
gerontocracy, and even those of us who consider ourselves "progressives" seem
blinded to the fact that *old-ass Democrats* are just as much elitist and
self-absorbed as *old-ass Republicans*, even if slightly less racist and
misogynist.

But now the choice between a grasping fascist and a tolerant yet milquetoast
centrist feels like such a false dichotomy. The Democrats' "at least we're not
*him*" campaign resoundingly failed, and if you ask me, deservedly so. Try
running on a platform, try having ideals, try appealing to real voters and not
to the mythical exasperated liberal whose top concern is avoiding another Trump
term.

All we can hope is that this necessary trauma aches on the daily, like my lower
back, and inspires us to action. Because what we need to do is not just vote in
a presidential election, we need to do our daily stretches, we need to chip away
and find the strength never to tire, even when we're on vacation and we feel
like we deserve a break from it.

Because the healing process doesn't pause for vacation, it doesn't pause for
work travel, it doesn't pause for a snow day. You do the stretches or you lose
ground in your fight and you extend your recovery time. The time to act is now,
and tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow.
