---
title: "2025 05 20 08 45 Tuesday"
date: 2025-05-20T08:45:43-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Black 5.10+ (flash)
 - Blue 5.11+ (flash!)
---

At least, if all else fails, ibuprofen exists.<!--more-->

I continue to be tossed by the waves of my unpredictable back issues as day by
day things stay exactly the same and get no better. I'm confused that a few
weeks ago I felt literally perfectly fine and started to feel that optimism for
the future that has been at arm's length for so long.

Thoughts of future climbing trips, making commitments, triggers a ball of
anxiety in me because I fear not being able to do it, or feeling like I'm
forcing myself to have fun by taking large amounts of ibuprofen and constantly
thinking about how it feels.

Now, for going on three weeks, it's just been back to the old bullshit. It
pinches when I bend over, put on pants, load the dishwasher, whatever. Dumb shit
everyone does. I was feeling slightly better yesterday and took `$KID` to
pre-team practice and climbed anyway and it went pretty well.

Today, back to the same old. We usually climb together on Tuesdays and I'm not
sure what I'm going to do, and I hate not being sure, and I hate not having more
of a sense of direction overall in how I'm handling this. Should I seek more
opinions? Get more imaging? What will that possibly tell me? I'll never have
spine surgery that's insane, the risks are way too high.

So I just muddle on, take some pills if I want to, and try to focus on what I
can do and what is fun to do. What more can I expect?

{{< dots >}}

Last night I met up with a pre-team mom whom `$WIFE` usually climbs with
(because I normally do Wednesdays), and she was super nice and we had a good
time climbing together.

They set three new top rope climbs, so we gave them a try. I sent two:

{{< sends >}}

The black is a little tricky at the bottom, but nothing too crazy for a 10, and
then the very top is a committing deadpoint type move off of a large pinch ledge
on the left and a diagonal undercling on the right, up into a left-facing
shallow jug.

I surprised myself by nailing the jug, then the final move is a high left foot
on the pinch ledge to finish on a very diagonal downward-facing crimp so you
need to grab it with your elbow up in the air. I didn't find that ending move to
be too hard but it was cute that they couldn't just make it easy.

Perhaps they wanted to avoid someone skipping the intended tricky side jug if
the final hold had been a bucket or something.

The blue was way, way harder. It's a sequence of pinches or rounded side pulls
up to a huge gap before a giant horizontal half-circle ledge. I was able to get
to where it was only a small lunge to the half-circle thanks to my height; I
think it is intended to be a bit of a dyno.

Once there, you have only three horizontal pinches to the right. I was able to
pull up from the half-circle and the lowest pinch to get my left foot onto the
half-circle. Somehow I flipped my right hand so my thumb was on top and pinched
hard to pull into the wall. It was a real struggle to get my weight shifted over
my left foot so I could stay on the ledge.

Ultimately I got secure enough that I could bring my left hand around and above
me to reach the final hold, which is a tiny undercling. With my thumb there, I
could release the "death pinch" on the right hold and try to do my best pistol
squat (which is not good).

I actually gave a bit of a primal yell as I stood and sent the climb. That was a
moment of elation, which I don't always get, but this one sent hard because it
was so challenging and also a flash.

Finally we both had a couple tries at a pink 5.11, which honestly seems way
harder than the blue 5.11+ and I would dispute the grading here. If the blue one
is a plus, the pink one is also a plus. But whatever, grades don't matter.

The pink consists of all shitty slopey side pulls, so the first crux is moving
from a right-leaning position to a left-leaning one. I was able to pull that off
two times. From there, you need to pull up into a standing position and grab a
side pull around the right arete, and neither of us were able to get there.

The foot position for that move is a very curved top hold surface and it was
already coated with rubber. I wonder if brushing would even help. We kept
slipping off of it.

To finish, you have to stand on your left foot on one of these very curved
surfaces, heel hook the side pull with your right heel, and touch the no-shadow
final hold. Just getting into that position looks very difficult. This could be
a fun project to work on, but it's manual belay so I don't suppose I'll have a
ton of chances.

{{< dots >}}

I suppose now I will do my PT sequence, eat some oatmeal, take my supplements,
and get back to work.
