---
title: "2025 04 13 16 41"
date: 2025-04-13T16:41:05-04:00
---

Sick kid, busy weeks, and only more to come.<!--more-->

Last week felt two weeks long. I can't put my finger on why exactly, but it was
certainly a week with more than the usual number of unusual obligations. I did
acupuncture for the first time, we went to the school book fair, I went to the
dentist, I had a coaching session with a new prospect, and all the usual
climbing on top of that.

Throughout all of that, I have to say that my back has been feeling just about
the best it's ever felt. Not perfect, not healed, but a lot better and
consistently so. Is it because of acupuncture? Who knows! But I'll go five more
times and see where this path leads.

By around Thursday, I could tell `$KID` was losing steam. He's usually a
mach-one chaos machine, but when I took him to his drum lesson on Thursday he
was just really subdued. By Friday we knew something had to be up.

Now it's Sunday, and both yesterday and today he's fallen asleep mid-day for a
couple of hours, so he's definitely fighting something. No fever, a very mild
cough, and that's about it.

We have tickets to see *A Minecraft Movie* in... 75 minutes. I'm not sure if
we're going or not. I don't want to drag the kid along and have him be miserable
the whole time, but he claims to *want* to go, so this the needle we aim to
thread.

<!--more-->

This coming week is going to be pretty bonkers, too. I have *two* coaching
prospect sessions, my regular client session, another acupuncture treatment,
`$KID`'s "poetry showcase," and then Friday morning we fly to Toronto for a long
weekend of visiting Niagara Falls and city sightseeing.

All on top of our regular schedule of Tuesday "family climb," `$KID`'s pre-team
practices, and a dinner with friends. That's a lot more than we usually do in a
single week, that's for sure. When am I even going to pack a bag?

But at least I can't say I'm bored, right?
