---
title: "2024 10 30"
date: 2024-10-30T05:55:11-04:00
---

Death Valley prep; today's agenda; reflecting on capacity.<!--more-->

#### Death Valley

We're all going to Death Valley in two weeks. This will be my third visit, but
the last time I was there was over ten years ago so my already poor memory
struggles to recall the details that far back.

I [took some pictures][dv] on past trips and I'm really looking forward to
finding new and different ways of looking at the same bizarre and awesome
surroundings. Definitely leaning into the black and white lately and I think the
Valley will lend itself to that.

[dv]: https://gallery.aaronbieber.com/Galleries/Death-Valley-National-Park-CA

We are traveling with my best friend and his family and of course we're flying
into Vegas because there's really no other way to do it. We're going to stay one
day there to celebrate his daughter's 16th birthday; how cool to be in Vegas for
your 16th birthday rather than a _fucking trampoline park_ or whatever the kids
do these days?!

We've also made the decision to rent off-road Jeeps for one day so we can trek
out to the Racetrack, which is that playa where the rocks seem to move on their
own (spoiler alert: they don't move on their own). It should be exciting to
get into the more rugged terrain that few casual tourists get to see.

In preparation we've procured high-power radios so that we can talk between our
separate cars and coordinate our explorations. It's kind of incredible how much
radio you can get for $35 these days. Sure, these aren't mil-spec like my Yaesu,
but they're allegedly twice as powerful at 10 watts and support all of the
amateur radio bells and whistles that we don't even need.

#### Coming up

Today I have another podcast recording session, and at work I have a
get-to-know-you chat with a new guy and just a load of work to do on this huge
project I've been working on for most of the year. I've gotten to a point where
even two short meetings feels like way too much and can we please not?

The wife is doing a community climbing competition at our gym tonight so it'll
just be "the boys" this evening and I'm honestly looking forward to a low-key
night. Last night I went climbing as we usually do and met up with a bunch of
our other climbing friends and sent some fun stuff. I climbed until I couldn't
climb anymore, so mission accomplished.

I felt really good about my back and knee, though this morning my back is
feeling a little sore and it definitely needs rest and stretching.

#### Capacity

Thinking about these meetings and obligations today, it makes me realize that
what I have decided I can "put up with" has changed a lot in the last couple of
years. Over at `$PREVIOUS_JOB` I was in meetings most of the day on most days; I
had a team of 40, six or seven direct reports, and I would routinely do
skip-levels because I think it's important.

Those days could feel draining but I did it for a long time. Years. Now I wake
up and I see two 30-minute meetings on my calendar and I'm like, _Oh to hell
with this!_ But here's the thing...

It isn't like I have reduced my capacity, it isn't like I'm less able to take
meetings and be collaborative and productive in them, and it isn't like I've
forgotten how to do it. It's that I've recalibrated my internal metric for what
makes me feel sane and happy.

The truth is, those meeting-filled days were awful. I left work feeling
exhausted, irritable, and frustrated. Just because I *could* do it doesn't mean
that I *ought to have done it*. Now, I value the _sustainability_ of my lifestyle
over the _productivity_ of it.

Food for thought.
