---
title: "2025 03 15 11 57"
date: 2025-03-15T11:57:55-04:00
---

Blog design changes, climbing updates, and whatever else.<!--more-->

If you're reading this, you're looking at the updated styles on this blog! I
decided to lean more into the terminal-esque style in the heading, and lean more
into a semi-tweet-like summary block because that's how this thing is usually cross-posted.

If you're on a phone, you'll probably notice that the text doesn't touch the
sides anymore. I hadn't noticed that until today, gross.

All of these fixes were more fun to make because I also moved all of the styles
into SCSS, which is natively supported by the "Pipes" feature of Hugo's
"extended" build. I prefer SCSS because it fits with how my brain works and
makes nested element styles less redundant.

{{< dots >}}

I climbed both Tuesday and Wednesday this week, but nobody wanted to go on
Friday so I didn't go, either. I think I could have gone, but I wasn't feeling
desperate for the additional day so it all worked out.

In terms of my physical readiness, I felt like my back was feeling pretty okay
yesterday, not perfect, but very good. Today, knock on wood, it feels fantastic.
I guess we'll see if that lasts; quite often things feel good until the
afternoon or evening and then the fatigue catches up to me and it starts to
pinch or tweak out.

But we really have no plans today other than some housework, tidying, getting
rid of old toys and clothes, that kind of thing.

I have dinner tonight with a couple of friends, which we probably don't do often
enough, but that's the only "obligation" today really. It's nice to have a
relaxed Saturday and feel more free from being chased by the calendar.

{{< dots >}}

We will go climbing tomorrow and though I attempted to organize a field trip to
the gym with the taller walls that's further away, it didn't work out with all
the schedules, so we'll be at our usual gym.

I do have projects there, though, so I'm pretty excited to work on the latest V6
that I'm chasing after, and there is also a V5 that is pretty tricky. I would
call myself a "burgeoning V5 climber," having sent only eight so far. `$WIFE`
thinks you can't call it your grade until you do *twenty* but I think I could
feel pretty good about it at ten.

I know that at least one of those V5s was soft (the only one I ever flashed),
and also that *grades don't matter* so there's also that. Spicy? Soft? You be
the judge, who knows!

{{< dots >}}

I just went and looked up all these supplements I've been taking just to more
carefully scrutinize what evidence exists to support their benefit and... Well,
it's pretty thin, as I guess you could imagine.

The thing is, nutritional studies are hard enough to do, so if you want to
evaluate a supplement, the ideal experiment would be a double-blind placebo
study where all of the participants also ate the exact same diet. I am doubtful
that such a study has *ever* been done.

What we have instead are single placebo studies of, e.g., people recovering from
sports injuries, or whatever else. A single study is not enough for me to be
sure of anything, but as I discovered previously there don't seem to be a ton of
negative side-effects, either, so, fuck it?

The L-glutamate seems like the one with the least support for its value. Fish
oil has also been criticized, but it's said to lower triglycerides and blood
pressure, and my blood pressure has been *amazing* lately... Could that be it?

Hard to know, *n* of one, etc., etc.

I'll keep taking them.
