---
title: "2025 04 07 06 50"
date: 2025-04-07T06:50:04-04:00
---

Reflections on the economics of perpetual growth.<!--more-->

I'm not an economist but it seems to me that creating a "stock market" and then
aggressively "financializing" everything in the world was... A bad idea? I mean,
surely creating an opportunity for "crowdsourcing" investment was originally a
pretty decent idea, and for everyone to have access to the ability to invest in
things they believe in or benefit from and to see returns on that investment
have been a powerful force.

But as the entire economy shifted to a growth-based model, where the way we
measure our success and the outcomes that we chase are all based on increasing
returns on investment, we created a sort of self-destructive cycle where the
economy must always grow or everyone loses.

For quite a long time, of course, this seemed totally fine and great. We all
shifted everything into financial vehicles including our retirement funds and so
on, counting on the apparently inexorable growth of the great American economy.
A lot of people got wildly rich. The boomers thrived.

But two things are true about this way of doing things: first, wealth accrues
asymmetrically; the most wealthy people become more wealthy and the people who
hold the largest investments make the largest returns while the people at the
opposite end benefit hardly at all.

Second, nothing can grow forever. The last few decades of insane American
economic growth are attributable to our technology. We rapidly off-shored
anything that got our hands dirty to places with lax labor and environmental
regulation and started doing cubicle jobs that create 1,000x returns for their
shareholders.

Many, many more people got insanely wealthy. Imagine being among the initial
shareholders of Microsoft, PayPal, Amazon, Netflix, or whatever. Maybe you were.
Lucky you. This is still a pretty good way to bootstrap a business.

But as soon as you're big enough, your stock is sucked into funds, and the
future of the country relies on your ruthless growth imperative, and so you
start shredding everything around you looking for margin. That part is... not so
cool, guys.

We're running out of ways to keep growing. We will, we'll keep growing, for
quite some time I imagine. We'll make more AI stuff, we'll figure out more ways
to use software to get huge profits out of incremental costs. But at the same
time, the poorest people are getting poorer, and eventually nobody will be left
to buy the dumb shit we're making.

In a lot of ways the American economy is sort of inbred. A lot of what we make
is SaaS marketing software that's bought by other American technology companies
to try to sell us a myriad of very weird products that are all made by Chinese
hands.

As Cory Doctorow said:

> [O]ur stagnating wages and worsening conditions ceased mattering to us when we
> clocked out at 5PM (or, you know, 9PM) and bought a $0.99 Meal Deal at
> McDonaldâ€™s whose low, low price was only possible because it was cooked by
> someone sleeping in their car and collecting food-stamps.

The people who do the real work, whether that's flipping your burger or teaching
your kids or whatever, they get the shaft while the stockholders get rich. Is
that the American dream?

{{< dots >}}

I've been reflecting on all of this as Trump goes tariff crazy and fucks up the
economy. Surely he is a moron, and the people around him seek only to enrich
themselves and their cronies. Making America "great again" simply can't happen
by turning back the clock to some imagined past of thriving isolationism.

But still, there is a kind of truth to the idea that building our futures on the
market and expecting perpetual growth is dumb. *That which cannot go on forever
will eventually stop.*

I've chatted with friends about the terminal nature of our "economic operating
system," and while the *powers that be* are highly incentivized to maintain the
status quo, it always seemed to me that the way to get out of this vicious,
self-destructive cycle is to measure our productivity by the velocity of money
and get off this market-driven roller coaster ride.

I don't think this is the way I would do it, though.
