---
title: "2025 04 07 18 19"
date: 2025-04-07T18:19:42-04:00
---

Mini-splits and acupuncture. Two things that are totally related to each other. <!--more-->

After helping my buddy install a mini-split at his place, and hearing about the
*insane* quotes that he'd gotten for a professional install, I felt like it
would be the right move to do a DIY install myself some day for our basement
"rec room."

We have central heat and air conditioning, and that room has vents in it, but it
looks like they just gave up on adding a zone for it, so it just receives
whatever the rest of the house is getting. For a large part of the year, it
makes the room way too hot or way too cold, and clearly that also means it's
wasting a ton of capacity that could be going upstairs where it's needed.

It's just one fairly big room so a single decent size mini-split should do the
trick, plus there's a spot directly outside the wall where the compressor can
go, so it should be an extremely straightforward install.

We have a mutual friend who owns an HVAC vacuum pump for pulling a vacuum on the
lineset, so I just need his help and also to hire an electrician to add another
circuit and run the line outside to a junction box. That all seems pretty
doable.

So, I pulled the trigger this morning and ordered a nice little Mitsubishi 12k
BTU system with a pretty nuts 23 SEER rating or something like that. It uses
almost no power and can heat down to -4 degrees F, which all seems bonkers to
me. I also ordered a compressor stand and some conduit from Home Depot, which
should pretty much do it. I might need a few pavers or something but that's
easy.

I wanted to grab this stuff before tariffs (or the excuse of tariffs) jack up
all the prices, since this was really the one major thing I had in mind to do
this year.

{{< dots >}}

When I last saw my doctor and we talked about my lower back issues, he said I
could try massage and acupuncture. So I went and got a massage and that went
okay, although honestly my back wasn't feeling the best going in and I don't
think the massage made it any better.

I'm going to go back for another one at the end of the month and I suppose at
that time I'll decide if it's something I want to continue doing with
regularity. There's certainly something quite refreshing about it, if not for
the pain.

Tomorrow, I'll go in for some acupuncture. I'm a little weirded out by it, but
`$WIFE` has done it, and I'm going to see the woman that `$SISTER` goes to and
kind of raves about, so, I feel like I'm set up for success here. I'm pretty
sure she's going to try to sell me some herbs. I'll report back.

That's about it, I hope it goes well.
