---
title: "2024 10 09"
date: 2024-10-09T05:54:23-04:00
---

Urbanist win; the thing is, I only trust science; more climbing stories.<!--more-->

### Get off my sidewalk

We have a fairly large construction project taking place a couple of houses up
the street, which happens to also be exactly at the kid's bus stop, so I'm
standing there for a little bit every morning.

That was where I was yesterday when I observed some contractor pull his
wide-body work truck fully up onto the sidewalk, blocking both the *entire
sidewalk* as well as filling the *entire shoulder*.

We live on a busy road; it's what you might call a "regional arterial" because
it is one of two primary routes to points south. Rush hour will see our street
filled with cars driving mostly too fast, mostly too distracted, etc. None of
this is great to begin with.

With this truck consuming the entire sidewalk and shoulder, pedestrians would
have to walk *in the lane*. Well, I cannot stand for that.

I marched right down there and faced off with the dude, who emerged from his
truck a balding, cigarette-smoking tradesman with an entirely unamused affect. I
asked if he'd be there long and he said "a little while yeah," and I explained
quickly that you can't block the entire sidewalk, that we have people who walk
here, and what are they to do, walk in the street?

With a grunt of complete and thorough annoyance, he conceded, and spent the
*maybe one whole minute* to move the road cones blocking the driveway of the
site and pull his truck into it.

Oh gosh thank you kind sir for taking literally *sixty seconds* to park your
truck *in the construction site where you are working* to avoid *probably
murdering people*.

It was a big win for me, though.

### Science!

As predicted my dentist visit was uneventful, at least with regard to the health
of my actual teeth. There was a new hygienist and my read on her is that she
must have graduated from dental school like 45 minutes ago; she was tentative,
careful, over-communicative, and a little awkward. But all in a good way. That
part was great.

I made the mistake of offhandedly joking about my back pain to my dentist, and
he proceeded to go on a 15-minute lecture circuit about the "kung fu master" I
should consider seeing *in his home* where he does (I gather) some kind of
chiropractic type shit and acupuncture.

Before you jump down my throat, I know there is some reasonably good data on the
efficacy of acupuncture for a variety of things, so that one is in a bit of a
gray zone for me, though I've never personally felt desperate enough to
experiment with it.

But spinal manipulation? What my dentist calls "cracking your back"? No, I don't
think there's any objective evidence that any problem is solved by forcing your
back to make cracking noises. As far as I am aware, all of the cracks and pops
that a body can make are mainly superficial.

Should we talk knuckle cracking? Sure, let's do. I crack my knuckles all the
time. There is a myth that doing so is bad for you, which is untrue. It's also
not good for you, either. Cracking a knuckle is just creating so much negative
pressure in the sac of "synovial fluid" that buffers the joint that gas bubbles
from it. At least that was what I was told.

It can *feel* good, and maybe chiropractic can be that for some people, but
since the whole field of chiropractic is *not real medicine* you're on your own
to figure out who is making you feel better
versus [selling you snake oil][chiro].

[chiro]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chiropractic#Effectiveness

### Another solid climbing session

I went into our Tuesday night climbing session feeling about 95% about my back
and readiness, but somehow ended up bouldering the entire time. The kiddo sent
*his first V4*, which is completely insane considering he just sent his first V3
like a week ago. His limiting factor is his height right now but he's crushing
it.

I got pretty stuck on a low-set V4 entirely made of slopers and committed myself
to working on it to just improve my sloper work, and I did ultimately send it!

The big learning from that one, though this is perhaps obvious to any
experienced climber, is that one person's beta may not help you at all. The wife
had flashed that V4 and just effortlessly sent it right in front of me, but she
did it in the opposite way that I had to do it.

We have about a six-inch height difference and that made her approach entirely
impossible for me, but I was able to do an almost mirrored version and sent it
twice in a row to be absolutely sure ("two to make it true," as our head setter
says).

Felt really good to be able to send a sloper problem, though, as I'm typically
quite bad with them. I have to work on my crimps, though.
