---
title: "2025 05 14 06 35 Wednesday"
date: 2025-05-14T06:35:12-04:00
---

Death and climbing.<!--more-->

It was approximately bed time last night when I went downstairs to tidy up and
noticed that our chinchilla's water bottle was empty, so I filled it up and
expected her to come jumping up to see me. She didn't, but sometimes she just
sleeps and doesn't care, so I looked around, and I found her there, right in the
middle of the habitat, deceased.

Chinchillas in captivity typically live longer than those in the wild, anywhere
between 10 and 20 years. Most wild chinchillas don't make it to 10. We never
knew how old she was when we got her, but we had her for about 13 years, so she
was at least that old.

We've had her for `$KID`'s entire life, and this was his first experience of the
existence of death. I think he's taking it pretty well, probably mainly because
our chinchilla was not a creature that you really could play with or create a
bond with. Chinchillas are not very smart and ours was not very cuddly.

The decision was made to inter her in the yard. I seem to wind up with this
responsibility and have buried `$WIFE`'s past pets a few times (she had rats and
geckos before we were married). I chose a spot in the corner of the back yard
and dug a hole at 8pm like a completely normal person with nothing to hide.

{{< dots >}}

I still carry a fair bit of performance anxiety and back anxiety around. Even
when I feel mostly OK, like today, I am constantly spinning in my head about how
I will feel at the gym tonight, even though there are literally no expectations
(except from myself).

The plan was to go with `$BELAY_BUDDY` yesterday but she was not feeling well,
and I didn't want to go solo, so we went for a bike ride on the bike trail
instead, which was nice enough. Tonight is `$KID`'s second pre-team practice, so
I have to go no matter what.

Whether I climb or not, how I climb, what I climb, and so on, are important to
me personally, but in the larger scheme of things, irrelevant. I have to go
either way, I climb whatever I climb, I feel however I feel, and I don't have a
whole lot of control over it. It can be hard to give in to "fate." I guess
that's the lesson isn't it?

It can also be hard for me to recognize that I'm doing so much better than a few
weeks ago even, and that I shouldn't drive myself up a wall about a little ache
here or pinch there, because I'm 43, and this is my life now.

I guess what I'm saying is, I'm doing great. I'm not hobbling around or having
trouble doing regular things like digging a hole and burying a small body in my
backyard. Like other normal regular people do at dusk on a weeknight.
