---
title: "2024 10 06"
date: 2024-10-06T07:34:35-04:00
---

Salem "Haunted Happenings" happened; Boston Lights at Franklin Park Zoo also
happened. A recap.

#### Haunted Happenings

We were successful in our plan to park a couple towns away from Salem and ride
the commuter rail in. We went a bit earlier than I originally planned and the
train was sparsely filled and no conductor even checked our tickets.

This is a great strategy generally: parking downtown in Salem in October is
going to run you $50 for the day, if you can even find any. Parking at the train
station is $5 a day in the lot connected to the platform, and the tickets ran
$20 for all three round-trip.

Driving in Salem is an absolute fool's errand. The number of people flowing
through the streets and police directing intersections, etc., is just absurd.
Trying to circle for parking under these conditions is a huge commitment and you
might end up parked far from where you want to be.

The Salem commuter rail station is (as most stations) right in the middle where
you want it to be. Only a block or two from any of the Haunted Happenings
attractions. I recommend this approach!

Still, holy hell, was it crowded. When we went last time, it was the same date,
but it was a weekday. I think in the future we'll have to take time off and go
on a weekday, it's just too crazy on the weekend. If you're really into it and
not dragging a 7-year-old around, maybe it would be a different vibe, but for us
it was pretty anxiety-inducing.

The Salem Haunted Magic Show was good, but because it was all focused around
"mentalism" it was perhaps a bit slow or hard to understand for the kiddo. The
show was well put-together, though.

We did return to the International Monster Museum, and I thought for sure this
time the kid would be ready for what lay within. Especially since it really
doesn't change much year to year. Well, I was wrong. Five steps into the place,
the warewolves pop out of the walls and he lost it and had to leave. I went
through the rest by myself, which was uneventful.

At this point, we felt pretty tapped out. While we were in the magic show
another three billion people showed up and it was getting hard to just walk down
the street, so we decided to buy a $7 slice of pizza and then bail. Getting out
was basically fine, my car wasn't stolen, traffic sucked (as per usual in
Boston), done and done.

#### Boston Lights

After a somewhat brief siesta at home, off we went to the Franklin Park Zoo for
"Boston Lights: A Lantern Experience," which everyone just calls "zoo lights."
Because that's what it is.

Another over-committed event with scarce parking and two billion kids running
around, but it was (as usual) really impressive. Probably hundreds of inner-lit
"lantern" sculptures with themes ranging from aquatic animals to the Chinese
zodiac and giant butterflies.

We walked around in there from some time before 7 until around 8:30. We were
meeting friends who came in through another entrance, and the whole thing is set
up as a one-way loop, so we actually had to do it 1.5 times or more in the end
to get in, find them, see the whole thing, and then get back to the entrance we
came in.

I took some photos, which I hope came out *in focus at least* though I'm not
really excited about them as art. I haven't looked at them yet.

#### Slings again

Before leaving for Salem I packed up the Peak Design Everyday Sling 3L and was
just about ready to go when I realized I should probably bring some ibuprofen
(or "Vitamin I" as we call it) and a travel tissue for my runny nose, and there
was just no way that was all going to fit.

So once again I unpacked the thing and put everything into the 6L sling. "So
much room for activities!" I carried that with me all day and I think it worked
out really well. It's easier to get the camera in and out of it, my glasses fit
better, and it can hold the extra few things I want to carry.

Salem started out cool and later got hot, so I was also able to shed my fleece,
roll it up, and use the included straps to attach it to the bottom of the sling,
which worked flawlessly. Overall I'm happy with it, and I think I'll actually
return the 3L after all.

#### Sunday doings

Today is an outdoor climbing day for the wife, so I'm on full-time Dad Duty
until this afternoon. Kiddo's got his climbing class, though, so we'll get over
to the gym and I'll get an hour of projecting in. I'm still working on that one
5.11 that has been vexing me.

After the gym we'll need to eat some lunch, and then I suggested a bike ride on
the rail trail, so maybe we'll do that. That should probably keep us busy
enough, and it should be a nice enough day for it!

These statuses have become novels.
