---
title: "2025 05 23 06 09 Friday"
date: 2025-05-23T06:09:09-04:00
---

"The Pain Management Workbook" first impressions, and now I'm also
sick.<!--more-->

Straight away, my "throat thing" has bloomed into a full-on sore throat.
Ironically, sore throats are by far my most despised malady. I mean, nausea
isn't great, either, but I'd almost rather have a fever than a sore throat. Sore
throats are just always there, making it hard to swallow and talk and eat.
Things that we do all day.

I just have to hope that if I continue to rest and maybe take some more vitamin
C, that I can kick this thing in the next two days before we go on this road
trip up to Rumney. I'd hate to be sick the whole time (though it's just a sore
throat and I don't have any other symptoms as far as I can tell).

My client begged off from today's session, wanting to get away for the long
weekend and who could blame him! So that's one less time that I need to speak
and/or be anxious about anything (not that coaching makes me anxious, but it is
a performance of sorts).

{{< dots >}}

Yesterday, I listened
to [this fabulous episode of the "Ologies" podcast][ologies] with Dr. Rachel
Zoffness, the author of "The Pain Management Workbook." If you have struggles
with pain of any kind, or know someone who does, you'll want to listen to this.

[ologies]: https://www.alieward.com/ologies/dolorology

Dr. Zoffness has multiple advanced degrees in psychology and neuroscience, and
is quick to point out that everything she describes and prescribes is
evidence-based. Her message is very similar to that of Dr. Sarno's, except that
she is a bit more acknowledging of the physical or biological part of the
equation, which feels more "true" to me in some way.

While Dr. Sarno did cite some research, and a lot of his own observations, Dr.
Zoffness brings an even larger number of compelling citations to what she
presents in the podcast, and I think she describes it in a way that was
convincing for me, a terminally skeptical person.

She says that all pain is *biopsychosocial*, meaning that it has three parts:
biological, psychological, and social. I won't recap her entire thesis because
you should listen to the podcast and/or read the workbook if you're curious.

The net-net is that your body sends signals through your central nervous system,
and that's the "biological" part. Those signals reach the brain and are filtered
through areas that we know from decades of research are also responsible for
things like memory, anxiety, and so on.

The brain then, in essence, *generates* the pain sensation based on all of those
signals. It makes sense, then, that you could stab yourself with a knife and
feel pain. It also makes sense that someone who has lost a limb can feel
excruciating pain in the missing limb.

Those are the examples that animated my understanding. Pain can be a reflection
of a physical experience or "signal," and it can also be *not that at all*. Dr.
Zoffness says that *all* pain is the three parts, and all three parts play some
role, and the proportions may differ, but they're always there.

Where Zoffness and Sarno completely overlap is in the notion that (in Zoffness'
words) not all "hurt" is "harm." Of course you want to be sure that you don't
have some urgent physical concern, injury, etc., but beyond that there is no
evidence to show that all pain is "dangerous."

I've really taken Zoffness' wording to heart. When I feel pain, I have to ask
myself, "Am I in danger?" The answer, of course, is no.

OK, so, thinking about my experience, how does this help me? Well, this is my
journal, so I'll break it all down in detail.

My pain really kicked up last June, when all of this started. Something happened
at that point and I still don't know what it was. It happened while climbing a
V4 boulder that, at the time, was my "big project." (At least I sent it and got
it on video!)

Since then, I've done PT every day, and I've made a ton of progress on all
fronts. My flexibility is much improved, my climbing is much improved, I'm
definitely stronger all around, and the pain has decreased in frequency and intensity.

In the past few weeks I've had days of 0/10 pain when I felt "cured" or "normal"
and then I've had a series of days with let's call it 4/10 or 5/10 pain, which
is typically not constant but is connected to certain types of positions or
movements.

In spite of that, I've climbed at about my regular frequency. In a couple of
those sessions, I've taken some ibuprofen to make myself feel more comfortable.
Overall, I have climbed strong. I sent my ninth V5 boulder, and just this week I
flashed a 5.10+ and a 5.11-, as well as sending that cool, orange 5.12-.

If there was something physically wrong with me, my strong sense is that I
wouldn't be able to do those things. Climbing is one of the most physically
demanding sports, since it requires both strength and flexibility, and each
route or problem will test you in a whole new way. Not only have I kept up, I
have advanced in all areas.

Zoffness talks about the "pain volume knob" (or something like that), which is
the idea that the brain habituates itself to creating pain in certain ways. The
same plasticity phenomenon that allows you to commit things to "muscle memory,"
like playing the piano, causes pain-creation pathways to become strong as well.
When certain criteria are met, the "volume" of pain is turned up, or turned
down.

My theory is that there is some irritation or inflammation or something within
my SI joint, or near there, and those signals travel through my CNS and reach my
brain, where a ball of anxiety and the obsessive attention that I pay to it
amplifies the generated pain in an unhelpful way.

In all practicality, Dr. Sarno and Dr. Zoffness say a lot of the same things.
Dr. Sarno would say you need to "convince your subconscious" that the pain is
the result of some specific emotional causes. Dr. Zoffness would say that you
need to "re-train your CNS" to turn down the volume of the pain.

Both agree that there is a substantial non-physical component, but slightly
disagree on the approach to solving it. Dr. Sarno's is based more in purely
intellectual work, in understanding his "TMS" condition and in dismissing pain
as harmless, and treating it with disdain.

Dr. Zoffness recommends CBT, which I'm still reading about, but seems like
mainly controlled exposure, which is basically developing a tolerance in the
same way that a foul smell in a room will tend to seem to fade away over time.

Both of them also agree that a critical aspect is to do the things you want to
do and like to do. Contact with friends, doing the sports you enjoy, etc., are
all important for your emotional well-being, and you need to train your
"subconscious" or your "CNS" that the pain sensations aren't helpful.

I'm only on chapter two of this workbook so I'll have more to say as I get
further through it.
