---
title: "2024 11 12"
date: 2024-11-12T06:10:05-05:00
---

The door saga continues; Cyberpunk 2077; travel packing optimizations (or: "do
you ever really have enough bags?")<!--more-->

The main thing on my mind is our trip to Las Vegas and Death Valley on Thursday
evening, but there are some other things happening, too.

#### The door is done!

Finally, after over a month, we have a brand new back door and a real screen
door, and the section of the kitchen floor that was water damaged is all
replaced. It was somehow balmy enough yesterday to leave the solid door open and
enjoy some fresh air without a thousand bugs flying in, so I guess we can call
that "mission accomplished."

Of course my guy who did the work also foolishly used a circular saw on my deck
and cut a gash right across about six planks so now he has to go source
replacements and repair my deck as well. Bummer for him! I'm not paying him
anything until he repairs it of course. I hope he learns to be more careful
using a saw on the surface of a deck going forward.

#### Cyberpunk 2077

The story here is that I own a Steam Deck specifically so that I can play it
wherever I am, and especially on planes and in hotels, so I always give special
thought to what I want to play when I'm going on a trip.

I completed "Thief" the 2014 remake, [my general thoughts are here][thief]. I
didn't try to 100% the game or anything but it definitely felt short in terms of
the storyline, and it had a "final boss battle" that is deserving of air quotes.

[thief]: {{< ref "2024-11-05" >}}

So after that I thought I would try replaying "Deus Ex: Mankind Divided," which
was one of the first "triple-A" titles I played on my PC after I built it. I
remember enjoying it a lot and thinking that it was very graphically lovely. I
bought it on Steam so I just double-checked that it's verified for Steam Deck
and installed it. I got a few hours in before feeling, just, not satisfied.

The main thing that turned me off was the performance. I had to crank it pretty
far down to get it to ~40 fps and even then there are moments (especially
walking around the city) where it would lag and stutter. Comments online
basically conclude that the game was not really optimized and you're on your own
if you aren't playing it on a powerful enough system.

"Fine," I thought, "maybe I should replay Cyberpunk 2077." I remember also
really liking that game and playing a lot of the side quests and other optional
stuff and just enjoyed being in the world of Night City. I bought it direct,
though, so I'd have to re-buy it to play it on the Steam Deck. Maybe there's a
way to get around that, but whatever.

Anyway, it went on sale for 50% off, so I laid down another $30 for it. The game
actually has a "Steam Deck" graphics setting, which it chooses for you
automatically, which is cute, but I'm going to be honest, it still kind of runs
like shit. For me, 30 fps isn't going to do it.

I found a website with some detailed settings for the Steam Deck and I did what
it said and almost like magic, it runs very nicely now. Probably sits around 50
fps most of the time but even during intense battles it only falls to around 40,
which is very playable.

So listen, I know that when the game first came out it had tragically comical
bugs. I played it after they fixed those so my impressions were more positive,
but I'm just here to say, this game is such a masterpiece of world-building. It
honestly puts Deus Ex to shame instantly with how detailed and rich every
environment is.

In my first playthrough I did the default male "nomad" character, so this time
around I decided to play as a female "street kid," and so far that's been pretty
fun. As a "street kid" you get to start in the city rather than doing the
smuggling run mission that you play as a nomad. It's cool that they created
totally separate intro chapters for each character type.

Anyhow, I'm going to enjoy playing some of this on my five-hour flight to Nevada
this week.

#### Packing

Every time I take a trip, I tweak and optimize how I pack and what I bring, and
each time it gets a little bit better. This time is no exception and I'm going
to lay out what I've come up with that I'm really happy about.

First, charging stuff! I have a Peak Design "Tech Pouch" and this time around I
have stuffed it with two Anker GaN fast chargers (each with 1x USB-A and 2x
USB-C), six USB cables for all of those ports, a Panasonic AA/AAA wall charger,
two set of 4x Eneloop rechargeable batteries, and 2x Baofeng radios (with USB-C
charging batteries!) I'm kind of amazed it all fits in there but I think I've
finally fully maxed out the pouch.

I then have a Peak Design "Field Pouch," which will hold the in-flight charging
stuff; another Anker GaN fast charger, a few USB cables, a backup battery pack,
and we'll see if I need anything else. That's the one I will keep close at hand
for in the flight and in the rental car.

All of my photo equipment comes with me in my Shimoda hiking backpack with the
"mirrorless camera" insert, but this time I plan to stow that overhead and not
put any in-flight entertainment things in it. I always stow it, but previously I
had jammed the top compartment with the Steam Deck, iPad, etc.

This time, I got a Peak Design "Everyday Tote" as my "personal item," which
should be able to fit this laptop, Steam Deck, iPad, the Field Pouch, and maybe
(just maybe) my water bottle. Even if the bottle doesn't fit I'm going to clip
it to the strap with a carabiner. Can't be too hydrated, you know.

The Everyday Tote should be delivered today so I can test fit everything. I'm
always excited to find more optimal ways to organize my life.

That's all folks!
