---
title: "2024 11 22"
date: 2024-11-22T09:15:31-05:00
---

I need a vacation from my vacation!<!--more-->

The best kind of trip is one where returning to "normal life" feels like a
reprieve. Maybe some of that is having a long travel day in between, but in our
family we like to go pretty hard when we vacation, so it's nice to be back.

We averaged over five miles of walking/hiking per day out there, and although
our schedule wasn't too crazy, we were usually out all day seeing stuff and
eating trail mix for lunch. It's good to be home.

I'm easing back into work, actually doing an engineering interview this
afternoon, but otherwise it's a relaxed day all in all. Tomorrow we have no
plans so I intend to get through the remainder of my household chores and
otherwise lay low and recuperate.

This trip was not easy on my back, given that it required many hours in planes
and cars. I think it went better than my August work trip (which was pretty
similar in travel time) and I don't feel like the trip caused a major flare-up
or anything, but it has been sensitive and/or sore.

As always, PT seems to help; I maintained the regimen throughout the trip save
for the last day in which I skipped half of the movements, but it felt good to
do it this morning. I also returned to my 15-minute walk before PT today, which
also felt basically fine, let's call it 95%.

I'm very hopeful that if I am careful and rest today and tomorrow, I'll be up
for at least some topline climbing on Sunday. There's a chance we'll go to the
South Boston gym where I have done virtually none of the toplines so that could
be exciting.

Next week is Thanksgiving already, which is hard to believe. Yesterday I was
driving somewhere and realized that my car's emissions inspection is due in
January, and that's really soon now! It feels like I just did my emissions
inspection yesterday.

Time is weird like that.
