---
title: "2025 02 01"
date: 2025-02-01T07:54:26-05:00
---

Well, it's February, and I have no friends?<!--more-->

That's an exaggeration, but, I can't help but feel like I could have a more
vibrant social sphere. This is not the first time the thought has crossed my
mind, but what am I going to do about it?

Obviously `$WIFE` is obsessed with climbing and often gets together with her
climbing friends. I also have climbing friends and I hope to be able to organize
more climbing hangs, and I'm sure that will happen.

Today, she's off to Providence to do this yoga + sauna thing all day with her
sister-in-law and her best friend (who is also my main "belay buddy"). This got
me thinking: I have two brother-in-laws and they never want to do things with
me. I have two close friends from high school days but one lives three hours
away and is basically a full-time recluse, and the other has plenty to do in his
own life and seldom wants to do more than go to dinner.

Now I'm of two minds: first, obviously I can be the planner and instigator. This
has to be part of my strategy, to offer and suggest things and see who takes me
up on it. Maybe something develops from that.

Second, I'm just annoyed that basically none of the men in my life ever want to
do anything? Well, with me, anyway. I know that one dude definitely does a lot
of stuff constantly but he's the "social butterfly" of my friend group and quite
honestly a lot of what they get up to sounds exhausting. He's a fair bit younger
than me, and childless, so it's a different vibe.

Sounds like it's time to plan some shit.

{{< dots >}}

The past few days have gotten me once again playing with the idea of having a
Teenage Engineering OP-1. I'm not sure if they're making them anymore since they
have released the "OP-1 Field," but they can still be found. Now, there's
*absolutely no way* I'm going to drop $2k on this thing, but you can find plenty
of them used.

Even used ones are $600 to $900, so, not a trivial cost for sure. But I've
*always* wanted one. I think it's inevitable that I'll buy one eventually. The
criticisms that the thing attracts seem to be centered around two things:

1. It's unintuitive and complicated (I find this to be cool)
2. It's a very limited DAW

Of course a great many people love it, but I think the criticism arises mostly
from people with music production experience who are comparing it to other
things. I have basically no experience so I feel like I could enjoy it in a more
pure way, for what it is, without having hang-ups based on other tools.

Anyway there's one on Facebook Marketplace right now and I kind of want to buy it.
