---
title: "2024 11 07"
date: 2024-11-07T05:52:10-05:00
---

The day after; recovery notes; trip planning.<!--more-->

Yesterday was not a great day; not for me, not for my family, not for my
friends, and not for the country. I have thoughts, but if you want to skip
those, just don't read the next section.

#### The day after

Up in my brain things are generally pretty calm and I tend to look at the glass
as half-full all the time. If we are to take anything away from the last couple
of days, let it be some practical learnings.

More people than anyone seems to want to admit are _at their breaking point_.
How else could we explain the urge to elect such an objectively horrible person
to the presidency... Again? The ground truth is that the Democratic Party hasn't
delivered relief for those who have been hurting the most.

Neither has the Republican Party, but they sure do a better job of consistently
and openly lying about it. Given the choice between a person directly associated
with an administration perceived to have done nothing to help, and a person who
claims to be able to break down any wall to solve the problems most important to
you... Who do you choose?

That choice is made easier for one surprising Trump voting bloc, the
middle-class "wine moms." An actually shocking number of women who are otherwise
doing pretty okay voted for Trump because prices of everything have gone up and
because they're more than a little bit racist.

But that wasn't enough to do it, either; Trump also won over immigrants who want
to deport *other* immigrants, lower-class people who don't understand how
tariffs or taxes even work, and of course all of the actual 1930s neo-Nazis.

Yes, it was a sad day for America, but what will we take away from it, and will
we do anything about what we've learned? Anything at all? Ensuring that we do is
our work of the next few years.

#### Recovery notes

It worked out well for me to skip climbing on Tuesday since there was no school
and for various logistical reasons we couldn't go as a family anyway. I have
been taking it easy with my back and today it feels okay, back to around 90%.

It's frustrating to be in this continuous cycle of not really fully being able
to trust it, and having to be so ginger with it, and so forth. While I know that
some amount of PT and ongoing care is part of the narrative of growing older, I
also hope to get to a place where it is less front-and-center in my day-to-day,
and I'm willing to accept that that point could still be months away.

All of that said, I'm going to go back to yoga this evening, for my third
session with this particular instructor. I have a real love/hate relationship
with yoga but I think a lot of the "hate" side is just frustration with my
flexibility challenges and that facing that is part of how I make the changes
that I want to see. So, more down dogs it is!

#### Trip planning

I'm now starting to think more seriously about getting ready for this trip to
Death Valley. Every time we do a trip I end up making a new packing list, so
this time I'm making sure to create a reusable, universal, thorough packing list
that I'll file away where I can find it.

I've already packed like 90% of my camera backpack, maybe 99% if I end up going
the route of having a separate "personal item" on the plane, which actually
sounds like a great idea. Excuse to buy another bag? I really shouldn't.

The clothing and whatnot will be straightforward, but I also want to rethink our
charging situation now that we've reached the point where basically everything
we bring on a trip is USB-C. Finally. It seems like nobody wants to make a wall
charger with four or more USB-C ports so I'm still using this one with four
USB-A ports.

Anyway that's what's on my mind. Our upcoming trip and the impending collapse of
the administrative state.
