---
title: "2024 09 21"
date: 2024-09-21T07:19:41-04:00
---

You can't control the weather; color is relative and so are we; my last PT
session; recording a podcast.

#### Weather

My plan to take a "brutalism tour" of Boston today and make some art has been
*dashed* by the weather. The roller coaster of forecasted precipitation this
week has been nuts, it went from 50% down to 20% and now back up to 75%.

As Mark Twain once said, "Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does
anything about it."

#### Color

My wife sent me [this website](https://ismy.blue) where you are asked to decide
whether a color is "green" or "blue." It's meant to demonstrate that everyone
perceives color differently, which is true, and of course the names we have
applied to different ranges of wavelengths of light is arbitrary.

Still, the final "score" tells you how much you lean in the green or blue
direction in your perception and whether you perceive "turquoise" as green or
blue. I saw that and I was like "turquoise is not precisely between those
colors!" so I had to look at the RGB value for myself.

Sure enough, turquoise is more green than blue, which is how I perceive it. So
at least to the extent that perception aligns with our arbitrary categorization,
*I'm right*.

#### Physical therapy

Yesterday I had my last scheduled PT session. We went through the strength and
mobility assessments again and I passed everything, so they cut me loose. My
assignment is to continue my stretching, and reduce the frequency of the
strength exercises to about three times a week.

I'll check back in with her in four weeks on how things are going and of course
call her up if something gets worse again, but I'm on my own now.

I'm feeling still about 80-90% back to "normal," and I think climbing twice last
week was probably not the best thing to do for recovery, but proved that I can
take on more, so now the challenge is moderating it and continuing on the path
to wellness.

#### Podcast prototype

A friend and I decided to do a podcast project together and yesterday we did our
first "dry run" recording. The project has no title and we mostly have no idea
what we're doing, which was borne out by the test recording yesterday.

I think we came away having learned a lot and a solid direction to head in, and
we're going to record the same topic again next week and see if we can do
better. I'm pretty excited about this collaboration!
