---
title: "2024 09 26"
date: 2024-09-26T18:16:53-04:00
---

Payoff from new flexibility?? And, yours truly receives a performance review.
Ironic.

### Flexibility

When I injured my back and started physical therapy, my therapist told me that
my problems all stem from mobility and flexibility issues in my hips and legs
(hamstrings, specifically).

Because I can't fully flex in some directions, I compensate by loading my lower
back in ways it doesn't like. OK, that all makes sense. So the physical therapy
prescription includes quite a bit of stretching.

I've been doing this PT routine every day, without fail, for nine weeks. But, if
you've ever stretched for flexibility, it takes a long, long time to work.
Flexibility (I'm told) improves in millimeters at a time. It's hard for me to
say whether it's changed much at all, even though I'm the one doing it every
day... It's just so gradual that I don't remember where I started.

Anyway, I came to think about this while reflecting on the big 5.11 route that I
sent on Tuesday, the one that I had worked on at least a couple of other times
and just couldn't pull through.

The crux of the climb is a move where you have to use two pockets to get your
foot up onto a mantle at roughly the same height. It's a really high foot, and
squarely against my specific flexibility limits.

It occurred to me that, in fact, it may be that I was able to send that route
*because of* the stretching. Of course I don't know for sure, but the theory
holds water. Either way it's so encouraging to see progress in both areas.

### Performance reviews

The only thing worse than giving performance reviews is receiving them. Or is it
the other way around?

In any case I had a good performance review. It has been a very strong couple of
weeks down in the Appreciation Department, and it makes me so glad that this is
somehow happening even as I viciously guard my work/life boundaries and feel
honestly the best about my job as I have in over ten years.

The review in general is ironic, though, because I'm simultaneously workshopping
a podcast episode about the toxicity and pointlessness of performance reviews.
That's a hill I will die on.
