---
title: "2024 10 20"
date: 2024-10-20T07:08:04-04:00
---

Health and climbing check-in; sleep is getting out of hand; Halloween party??

#### Health

At the ropes course yesterday my lower back definitely felt a little "sore" or
let's say "slightly bothered," though nowhere near the kind of pinching pain
that I felt during my injury period. Nevertheless, the climb went fine, I just
put some ice on it when I got home to be safe and it felt OK.

Sleep was also totally fine, more on that in a sec, and I woke up today feeling
pretty much raring to go, which is a relief. I wouldn't call it "back to
normal," and maybe it will never be (?) but it does feel like progress continues
to be made.

This was a heavy week for me, with climbing last Sunday, Tuesday, and Friday,
then the ropes course yesterday, and climbing again later today. If I can keep
up with this kind of pace I'll be in a really good spot.

The regular Thursday yoga instructor was away last week, so I may return this
week because her vinyasa flow seems to be at the right level for me.

#### Sleep

I wear my Pixel Watch 3 to bed because I've become psychologically addicted to
the sleep data and in the last week I've had three or four nights where I've
slept almost 8 hours, which as it turns out is a lot for me.

I thought I was an eight-hours-a-night person but it turns out that somewhere
between seven and seven and a half is totally fine. I had a couple of days of
six-ish and that seems to be not quite enough. Last night, inexplicably, I got
eight hours and 16 minutes!

Now, I did wake up at 3:54 AM because I heard a sound, and that turned out to be
a raccoon tipping over the compost bin on our porch and rummaging in it, which
happens... Frequently. But I got back to sleep at 4:12 AM and slept through
until like 6:30 AM, which is late for me.

#### Halloween

Later today we have a low-key Halloween party, which will be the first time out
for my Dr. Grant from Jurassic Park costume. The only part I don't have is the
boots, but I'm not going to buy shitty work boots just for a Halloween costume,
and they'll probably make me take my shoes off in the house anyway.

I'm most excited to debut my handmade folding shovel pouch, which I constructed
from faux leather, a real metal snap, and pop rivets. Yes it contains a real
folding shovel. This is an easily-overlooked detail of the Dr. Grant outfit and
I really channeled my inner Adam Savage to get it right.
