---
title: "2024 10 17"
date: 2024-10-17T06:02:56-04:00
---

Brake problems; door update; dinner out; new bevvy fridge; more work to do.

#### Brakes

In yesterday's status I failed to mention that my car is now displaying a
message that says "Brake System: Drive Moderately," which is always reassuring
to see in a vehicle. The car status display says that the front brake pads need
to be replaced, which is confusing because I swear I just replaced them.

But of course I keep no records and neither does my mechanic. He's a "salt of
the earth" kinda guy. I suspected that the car just reached some date or mileage
threshold, but I took it over there and he wasn't able to reset it. He looked at
the pads and said they should be fine, but probably the sensor is
malfunctioning.

Just more stuff to have to fix.

#### Doors

I decided not to try to keep this cracked door and set out to find a
new/different one. I am resigned to spend more money if it means I can stop
thinking about this; and I conferred with `$WIFE` and we agreed that our bar for
what the door looks like is pretty low, it just has to stylistically match the
front door.

So, I abandoned the "1/2 lite" (with nine glass panels) and found a "1/4 lite"
(with six), which is the same as the front door. It's the same manufacturer so
hopefully they don't fuck this one up in shipping, too, but at least I can be
confident about the color because it should be the same as this busted one.

Now it'll take another week or two for the new door to come. Annoying.

#### Dinner

Got out to dinner last night with my friend, `$LAWYER`. We had a spirited
conversation across many topics from our hobbies to financial fraud and
elections. We went to a nice Mexican place called Painted Burro and the food was
good! A bit of a parking nightmare, though. Because cars are a nightmare.

#### Bevvy fridge

We're on our second "beverage fridge" which I guess you can actually call a
"wine fridge" since its racks are designed for wine bottles though we never use
them for that. This house came with one and we got really used to having it, so
when that one died (which seemed expected because they always give you shit
appliances with a house) I replaced it with what I thought was a nicer one.

But now that one is failing to get cold, which is not a big deal because nothing
in there *needs* to be refrigerated for food safety or anything, but I ordered
yet another one and it's supposed to come today so we'll see how that goes.

#### Worky work

This has been one of those weeks where I had a couple things planned to work on
and they were completely interrupted by unexpected issues, which snowballed into
a lot more work than anticipated. None of this is bad; the work needs to get
done and nobody is on my back about it and it's going to make our product better
so it's a win-win-win, but it can feel like a lot sometimes.

I think after today I'll have it all in a good place.
