---
title: "2024 12 10"
date: 2024-12-10T06:49:38-05:00
---

Just trying to keep up with everything... Is how it feels sometimes.<!--more-->

Things at `$job` are actually pretty good and we continue to march toward an
"alpha" release of the product we've been working on. Of course there are
architectural concerns and so forth, but isn't that how it goes with every new
software project?

I was meant to end my day yesterday by both giving an interview and taking a
lead climbing class. Those were back-to-back, so I was planning out whether I
could do the interview physically at the gym, but instead the fates decided that
my climbing partner was too ill to climb, and then the interview was canceled.

That resulted in sort of an anti-climactic day, at least in the sense that I was
psychologically preparing myself to tackle both of those things and then they
both went away, but that's how it goes sometimes.

Today is "family climb" day, and I'm eager to see if I will be up for it. After
only one week off, I already miss it. I guess that's a sign of something. There
are lots of people out there who only climb once a week, or less, but *not in
this household*. Even `$kid` climbs twice a week every week!

What I would very much *like* to do is give my belay partner the opportunity to
practice belaying with her opposite hand (life is tough for lefties, by the way)
and get in some practice clipping on easy routes and try not to fuck up my back
even more. That would be great.

Meanwhile, on the home front, Christmas plans have come into focus and there is,
as always, much to do as we march toward it. It's looking like the in-laws may
join us for Christmas Eve and stay overnight (that would be a first), and then
we'll drive to see my parents at their place the day after.

I'm essentially done with my shopping, so now it's wrapping time. I don't *love*
wrapping presents, but I'm really good at it. That's what people tell me,
anyway. It's probably the years and years of doing crafts and shit.

Anyway, I've got a lot of stuff to wrap. Of note, we got this Sharper Image
monster truck for `$kid`, which was reported to be "giant" and, uh, holy shit
this thing is huge. Like it actually comes up to my knee. The box is enormous
and I don't even know how I'm going to wrap it. I think that one is going to be
a "tape wrapping paper to the sides" kind of thing.

I'm slowly continuing to read "Vertical Mind" and realize that I haven't posted
about it, so maybe I'll do that shortly.
