---
title: "2025 03 25 06 45"
date: 2025-03-25T06:45:51-04:00
---

There's a local election today and I have thoughts.<!--more-->

There is one referendum on the ballot in our town election today, which asks
whether we shall assess an additional $7 million in real estate and property
taxes to fund the town's operations for the upcoming fiscal year.

This question is on the ballot because of a Massachusetts state law called
"Proposition 2 1/2" (colloquially, I presume), which states that no town may
increase their tax assessment by more than 2.5% per year without a vote, which
is called an override. I don't know anything at all about the history of that
law, but I have pretty mixed feelings about it.

On the one hand, should a town be allowed to, by consensus of its governing body
(which in some places is a Town Meeting like our town, or in others might be a
mayor, or some other mechanism) raise taxes as much as they'd like as often as
they'd like?

By some measure, if we have elected those people, we are putting our trust in
them. But at the same time, do we agree with the whole financial plan for the
town and do we believe that our money will be well-spent? Under Proposition 2
1/2, at least there is a vote.

On the *other* hand, there are many towns who have failed to pass a budget
override in years and are desperately under-funded in ways that their
communities struggle with. What becomes quite interesting here, as in all things
democratic, is that engagement with the issue and knowledge of how things work
is shockingly limited.

There is always some substantial proportion of residents who have no time nor
inclination to understand how the town's finances work, what the plan to spend
the money is, and how they might benefit from it. They see the override vote
simply as "take more of my money" and vote against it on its face.

That, right there, is a compelling reason to repeal Proposition 2 1/2 and allow
town governments, which are all democratically elected, to act in the best
interest of the town. "Let us do what is right, since you have no inclination to
understand."

Surely giving the town's leaders the ability to make these decisions themselves
could cut through the sort of NIMBY-ism that reportedly holds many towns back
from growth and modernization. I don't think that's a problem in my town, but it
definitely is a problem.

In point of fact, I'm desperately curious how this vote will go. I'm sure that
my town also has many residents who have no interest in understanding the town's
financial position, or perhaps they understand that a lot of the money is
earmarked for the public schools and they simply don't have any interest in
funding the schools since they have no kids here. Will they vote in the interest
of the town's future, or in the interest of their near-term finances?

It's not a ton of money, either. We're talking about barely over $1 per $1,000
of home value, which after all is said and done still puts our town's tax rate
well below the rates of other towns of similar size.

Anyway, I'm going to vote "yes," and we'll see how the chips fall.
