---
title: "2025 05 18 17 39 Sunday"
date: 2025-05-18T17:39:32-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Manic Depressive 5.9
 - Outside Corner 5.8
---

Outside climb log!<!--more-->

The first outside climb of the season! We really lucked out on the weather; we
arrived at Quincy Quarries at 8:30am, we were the first climbers there (did you
know that most climbers are lazy sacks of shit who don't get out of bed?) and it
was clear and sunny and beautiful.

It did cloud up progressively through the day and by the time we called it quits
around 2pm or so, it was fully overcast and it did end up raining a little bit,
so we absolutely won the lottery on weather.

A couple of our solo friends showed up, but none of the other folks with kids
could make it in the end, so it was just us and `$KID` and `$WIFE`'s belay buddy
and his kid. Fortunately our kid and his kid get along really well and after
they climbed one or two things they just ran around for five hours like kids do.

With five of us climbing we didn't do a ton of climbs. We set "my" rope on M
Wall for "M Weave" 5.6 and "Wanderlust" 5.7 and our two solo buddies and I all
flashed Wanderlust (which I had done before but have no memory of).

We set the other two ropes on K wall and J Wall. The kids had a go at "Balance"
5.5, which of course feels much harder than 5.5. Everyone had a chance to climb
"Outside Corner" 5.8, and I was able to flash that one.

`$WIFE` and her belay buddy have climbed "the Qs" several times before so they'd
already done these climbs and had fun re-climbing them, but the three of us who
hadn't took turns on "Pins" 5.9+. That is going to be a project for me, it's got
some pretty sneaky beta in it and I think I have almost all of it figured out, I
was able to do it all in pieces, so I'll have to go back and send it some day.

Before we pulled the rope down on J Wall, I had a go on "Manic Depressive" 5.9
and flashed it! Huge win for me, it was quite tricky with a cool slab portion in
the first half and a pretty difficult end on a sketchy foot that's so coated in
paint it's shiny.

The grades I'm using are the ones from Mountain Project; the printed book that
`$WIFE` got lists Manic Depressive as 5.8, and Pins as 5.9, but of course grades
are always debatable. Did I flash Manic Depressive because I *thought* it was a
5.8 at the time? One wonders.

A solid trip overall, everyone had a nice time, the weather was beautiful, I
sent some stuff, what more could you want?

`$KID` did attempt to pick up a huge rock and cut open the tip of his finger and
that became a huge distraction, but it was toward the end, and these things do
happen. It's a tiny cut and he's going to be fine.

{{< dots >}}

Tomorrow, I will take `$KID` to pre-team practice so that `$WIFE` can go to an
appointment, but I don't think I'll climb. I am going to try to rest my body
well for Tuesday and work on sending that pink V5. After that, there is a black
one that I should put some time into.
