---
title: "2025 05 10 05 56 Saturday"
date: 2025-05-10T05:56:02-04:00
---

I'm not sure what to do today?<!--more-->

It's Saturday! It's still raining! Spring is supposed to be rainy and we were
having a drought so this is all for the best, but it's been raining for like a
week straight. It's gonna stop for a couple of days starting tonight, then pick
back up again at the end of next week it looks like.

On Thursday I'm picking up a new rain barrel that my town subsidized for me,
which is lovely because my previous rain barrel cracked and I attempted to
repair it in several different ways, none of which ended up working. I shall try
to slip this busted one into my buddy's dumpster this evening.

We have a deck-over-patio situation and I put up a roof under the deck so that
the patio is sheltered from the rain. The rain collects into a gutter along the
outer edge of the deck and currently flows off the end into the grass. I look
forward to collecting that rainwater for... Uh... Something.

The collection end of the gutter was cobbled together from 3D printed parts and
started leaking and ultimately fell apart last year, along with the rain barrel
cracking, so if I can get it all reassembled early this week I can start
collecting rain again.

{{< dots >}}

`$WIFE` is going climbing with her belay buddy this morning, and I don't really
know what we'll do while she's out. I feel like we should do something, but also
it's Saturday so I don't mind lazing around if that's what the vibe feels like.
I do have some household errata to take care of too.

Then `$KID` has his drum practice session at 11, and I expect `$WIFE` will
return at some point around mid-day for lunch and such, and then I don't know
what we'll do in the afternoon. Probably `$WIFE` will take `$KID` to the grocery
store and then maybe she'll do meal prep for the week (honestly one of the best
things ever).

This evening, we're heading out to a restaurant to celebrate my friend's wife's
birthday and that should be a fun time. We're leaving `$KID` at his house with
his two older kids to goof around while we go out and eat. `$KID` is old enough
where hanging out with a couple of teenagers is probably fine. My friend's
mother is usually there, too, but she's a bit of a... Wildcard, let's say.

{{< dots >}}

Tomorrow we will go climbing at South Boston! Forced exclamation point! I have
back-related anxiety about climbing trips now.

Since reading that book, I'm trying to nudge myself to be aware of the emotions
I might be repressing. It's not always possible to be aware of things you
repress, which is why it's called "repressing," but opening yourself up to
inconvenient feelings is a good practice.

I had acupuncture last night, and laying there for an hour just letting my
thoughts wander, I did notice this feeling of "trepidation" regarding climbing
tomorrow. Rather than feeling excited about it, I had a sense of "what if my
back hurts and I can't do it and I don't have fun."

Consciously, that's a bit strange, given that I climbed last Sunday and had an
amazing session, and then climbed both Tuesday and Wednesday and didn't feel
very strong but also didn't feel like pain was holding me back, either. So,
objectively, a bit of a baseless fear.

The attitude I'm working on adopting is a more, let's say, *laissez-faire* type
of attitude. What will be, will be. I pack a ton of ibuprofen in my climbing bag
and that always helps if I'm up against the wall (no pun intended), and hanging
out with friends and my kid is always a good time regardless of what happens.

So from that perspective, why worry? Worrying means you suffer twice.
