---
title: "2025 04 14 13 41"
date: 2025-04-14T13:41:20-04:00
---

One thing is for sure: it's definitely Monday.<!--more-->

With the kiddo being ill, it really dragged the energy level down around here.
Saturday we all just laid around and did nothing, Sunday we did go climbing and
to the movie, but it nevertheless felt like walking through molasses.

It's Monday and it's beautiful outside---the one nice day we'll get this
week---and I'm feeling on the verge of falling asleep. I took a walk around the
neighborhood but it didn't seem to invigorate me at all. The sun and fresh air
are fantastic, and great for the spirit, but I feel like what I need is coffee.

{{< dots >}}

On the plus side, though, my back feels pretty great. Once again, not healed, no
out of the woods at all, but pretty great. I took a quick walk after the bus
stop (as I do every day when the weather isn't oppressive) and I felt a bit of a
pinch or ache, not severe, also not the same pinch as I usually feel, but
walking seemed to help soothe it.

Now we're into the afternoon and I just took another walk and it felt
*completely fine*, which I want to say hasn't been the case in a long time now,
at least weeks, if not months. When it's acting up, I have a way of forgetting
that it ever felt okay, and it's hard sometimes to imagine that it will feel
okay again in the future. I had a moment while walking today where I thought
"this is what I was waiting for."

Tomorrow is my second acupuncture treatment. I can't help but think that
acupuncture helped, though I have to remind myself that my back felt pretty good
on the day of my first treatment so it's also possible that it's all
coincidence.

Still, it could be a confluence of things. The stretching has definitely turned
a corner and I think I've unlocked another few degrees of lumbar spine mobility,
that's probably one factor, and then the supplements I'm taking and the
acupuncture probably all work together to some extent. I don't need to know what
works, this isn't a scientific study, I just need to be pain-free.

I've been climbing a lot; last week I climbed three days, this week will
probably be the same (projecting and whatever looks fun tomorrow, and then
another session of endurance training on Wednesday). Provided that my body
continues to feel OK with this level of activity, I'm going to keep pushing it.

{{< dots >}}

The upcoming milestones are the Canada trip this week, which will put me in
planes and cars for a few hours; our camping/climbing trip to Rumney at the end
of May; and then ultimately Hawaii in July, which is going to be a *lot* of
hours on planes, and in cars.

Things have been steadily improving. It's never a straight line, and my physical
therapist warned me of this, but the overall trend is absolutely positive and it
feels great to be able to see and sense that.
