---
title: "2025 02 02"
date: 2025-02-02T17:56:17-05:00
tags:
- sends
---

Climbing, shady FB Marketplace dealings, coffee.<!--more-->

#### Sends

 - Blue V3, fun
 - Pink V4, flash, cool problem

I was on the bubble about going today, my back has been pinching all week, but I
woke up feeling pretty good and decided to risk it. It did feel less than great,
but I was able to climb anyway and I think (hope) I didn't make it worse.

I only bouldered a little, to warm up, and sent a couple of fun top-out
problems. I did take a couple of not fully committed swings at my current V5
project and made some progress on the first moves, which I think I'm just about
locked in on now.

Then for a bit I belayed `$KID` on a 5.9 and 5.10- to try out the new Edelrid
Pinch, which is very cool and so far I like it. I haven't belayed anyone on lead
with it yet, which is where I think it should be more different from the Grigri,
but it seems really promising.

I took another try at leading the long blue 5.10 traverse and got close but did
not get it. I think I worked out the positioning, but my stamina and back were
both not feeling 100%. I think on the next attempt I can get it.

Glad to just be able to go and have some fun. I did a "victory lap" on another
blue 5.10 that didn't feel like such a certain send the first time and was able
to do it, so, there's that.

#### Shady deals

Well, it's happening. I'm going to buy the OP-1. I mean, unless it is not as
advertised, but we'll see *tomorrow between 1 and 2 pm!* It was listed for $700
(a fair price) but after I complained about driving into Cambridge (Allston,
actually) he said he'd do me a discount to meet him there, so I offered $650 and
he accepted.

So, uh, I guess I'm going to be an OP-1 person soon. I mean, hopefully. I'm
pretty psyched about it, I've always wanted one, and it seems like such a fun
way to mess around with music-making. I just want to make some electronic or
ambient jams.

#### Coffee

The new coffee obsession continues to run its course. I got my first six sample
bags from Fazenda Coffee Roasters, so today I attempted "cupping" for the first
time, which is just an ostentatious term for brewing coffee in a little bowl and
tasting it.

I cut `$WIFE` in on the fun and we tried an Ethiopian, a Mexican, and a Costa
Rican coffee. We both agreed that the Ethiopian was too fruity---it tasted
strongly of blueberry!---and the Mexican slightly too strong.

Soon we need to cup the other three, and then I have another four sample bags
coming in from a second local roaster. Maybe I'll end up buying an over-priced
grinder after all is said and done here.
