---
title: "2025 04 17 06 11"
date: 2025-04-17T06:11:34-04:00
---

Climbing session recap; more ARC, fun on autobelays.<!--more-->

After work yesterday I got down to the gym, again, for the second day in a row,
which appears to be a thing that keeps happening. It's really hard to reconcile
our Tuesday "family climb" day---which happens to be a good day for many of our
climbing friends---with `$KID`'s pre-team Monday/Wednesday schedule.

I don't *always* climb on pre-team days, and this time `$KID` was feeling too
sick to go climbing anyway, but I seem to be able to convince myself to take
advantage of the time regardless.

I mainly just wanted to do an ARC session and try a new format that `$WIFE` had
done before, and a couple of my climbing buddies said they might show up, too,
so I figured at least I'd have a nice hang-out.

The ARC session is as follows:

  1. Climb up and down a 5.5, 2x

  2. Climb up and down a 5.7, 2x

  3. Climb up and down a 5.9, 2x

Take a break, and repeat. If our gym's walls are, let's say 25 feet, that's 150
feet of climbing up and 150 feet of climbing down in one "round." Doing it in
ascending grade order is an attempt to train these long lead routes that start
softer and end harder.

I was able to do one whole round, it was really pumpy but I pulled it off. On
the second round, on the very last descent, I was looking for a foothold and
slipped off. I was very pumped, which means it was working. Since I fell off, I
climbed the 5.9 up one last time and came down on the autobelay.

I think the whole two rounds may have taken less than ten minutes, but with a
very crimpy 5.7 in the mix, it was a much more difficult challenge than the ten
solid minutes of climbing jugs. I want to continue mixing in these challenges
and working on my hand endurance, which is my real limiting factor I think.

{{< dots >}}

I took a rest and then started working on figuring out a more static start to a
5.11 autobelay that I've done before. This one has a start where I can just hop
up into the two underclings but I've been accused of using my height advantage
there and not climbing the intended beta. I still think a send is a send, but I
wanted to challenge myself to find a static start for it.

After several different attempts I did figure out a way that worked for me, in a
very "boulder" type of way, so I did the whole climb from that start just to
lock it in. It's not a terribly hard one; I think it may be another that is
slightly generously graded. I think it's actually graded 5.11+ and probably
because of the start. I can see 5.11; it's definitely harder than a 5.10.

By this time, one of my two buddies had shown up and we started playing on some
other auto-belays. I climbed a 5.7 left-handed, which was quite difficult but
felt pretty rewarding.

Then we just climbed stuff we'd climbed before, basically. I had no plan for the
day so I just kind of followed my friend around and climbed whatever looked fun.
It's nice to have a low-expectations kind of a session.

I repeated a crimpy yellow 5.10 that he had trouble with and I guess seeing me
do it helped him figure it out because he sent it on his first go, which is
awesome. Plus it always feels good to be able to victory-lap these climbs,
especially the trickier ones.

I also repeated a black 5.9 with a bunch of flat and slopey holds and it felt
really good to be able to do it without pinching them, just by focusing on body
position and I guess because my sloper strength has improved.

From there I wanted to take a stab at this purple 5.11 that was set back in
December and I know that I have sent it before but I can't for the life of me
remember how I did it, and it's one that my buddy hadn't sent yet, so it seemed
like something we could project on together.

I fell off the first few times, I also scraped an existing scrape on my left
forearm and it started bleeding again so I had to put another bandage on it
(great session!). But after a few attempts I got the beginning locked in and
started working the next part. That only took me two attempts to really work out
and I got to the top.

The very last hold is rubbish, though, so I wasn't able to send it. I was too
pumped to clamp onto these little slopey pockets and I'll have to go for a
repeat some other time... Unless they take it down.
