---
title: "2024 12 13"
date: 2024-12-13T06:58:35-05:00
---

Friday the 13th.<!--more-->

There's approximately one week left until the holidays really pop off. One full
work week, then I'm "working" on Monday but `$kid` will be off school and
`$wife` will be off work and it'll be a bit of a circus.

Christmas Eve day we're probably going to go climbing for a while in a big
group, which is always fun (footnote that I need to be careful not to destroy my
back before then), and I'm off work until the new year at that point.

I have several things to wrap, although they're all pretty straightforward and
shouldn't take a lot of time at all. As I'm thinking about it now, I may want to
do a pen plotter nameplate or card type of thing, to spice it up. I'm feeling
more creative about this lately.

It could be fun to do something with a bit of a mistletoe/holly type border that
I can plot with a thick color marker, and then maybe I'll hand write names in
there or something. I should think on that.

I still need to do that last PTPX postcard and mail them out. I did quickly
research the postage and re-discovered that I just need an "international
forever stamp" for postcards going abroad, and then I should probably have
enough domestic forever stamps for the rest of them here already.

I did pop out to REI yesterday and bought a six pack of Black Diamond Hotforge
quickdraws (that's the kind with two solid gates, one curved). You really only
have a choice between Black Diamond and Petzl (as is the case with a whole lot
of climbing gear), but there's a lot of choice among solid and wire gates,
curved or straight, the length of the "dog bone," colors, and so on.

REI's selection is limited but I like these very "bog standard" Hotforge ones
with what feels like a "typical" length and quite staid black/graphite colors.
That suits me just fine. I found a decent way to practice the clipping motion
and tried stuff for a while yesterday and I think I feel best about the "Adam
Ondra style" whole-hand clipping technique.

Of course, all of this is fairly hypothetical until you get on a real wall.

We have a planning/retro meeting today at `$job` but otherwise my calendar is
wide open, so I'm hopeful to get at least one change out, and clean up the other
one. I also need to research mocking frameworks a little, and poke around at how
we can inject a mock for the Elasticsearch wrapper library that I wrote. That
all sounds like pretty fun stuff, though.

Tomorrow we have my buddy's annual Christmas party, which I've attended for
probably like ten years or something (I have no idea) and otherwise everything
else is about normal.
