---
title: "2025 04 06 13 32"
date: 2025-04-06T13:32:54-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Pink V3
 - White V4
 - Black V4
---

Decent climbing day, crummy weather, back pain, etc.<!--more-->

I woke up today feeling not too bad, really. I got my coffee and got onto my
heating pad, as I do, and really felt overall pretty fine. But, as I got up to
start the daily chores and such, my back started to just feel very prickly and
pinchy.

I powered through that and did my PT, which always helps, had my breakfast
(plain oatmeal, raisins, cinnamon, a little honey), ate my supplements (still
unsure that these do anything), and took a couple of Advil.

I think the Advil really sorted me out because when we got to the gym I felt
basically ready to go. Maybe a little bit tired (for no reason), but otherwise
OK. I did my usual warm-up of 100 jumping jacks, torso twists, etc., and climbed
some easy stuff.

The day went OK from there. I projected on my white V4 for a while and I did
ultimately get it. I also sent a black V4 on the other side of "the wave," which
was *substantially easier*.

That makes the sends for today:

{{< sends >}}

I generally felt good while climbing. We spent a couple of hours and by the end
my fingertips were just really raw and I didn't want to keep pulling on them.
They are still sore as I'm typing this.

At the end a few of us went over to another area and played with this pink V3,
which is short but extremely slabby and I hadn't been able to figure out how to
really start it with my height. On this attempt, though, I did get it.

Committing to stepping through from right foot to left felt uncertain, but the
moment I got all of my weight transferred it felt solid as a rock. I think slab
is another thing I'm just not too practiced with yet.

{{< dots >}}

It's been raining for days and I don't think it's going to stop. I mean, it has
stopped at this moment, but it's still gloomy as shit outside. Welcome to
spring! I think this week is going to be fairly glum, but going into next week
should be pretty nice so maybe we'll get the bikes out finally. Here's to
hoping!

{{< dots >}}

The big question is, should I order a mini split system for our rec room (which
I've been thinking about doing for a while now) before all these tariffs kick in
and everything gets nuts?

That's probably a good idea to do, right?
