---
title: "2025 02 09 2"
date: 2025-02-09T10:07:50-05:00
---

Rest is a gift.<!--more-->

Okay so this is me reframing some of my unproductive thinking about chronic pain
and recovery, and in that way it's completely self-serving, but I have a
tendency to write these kinds of things by starting broad and zooming in, so
bear with me.

We, you and I, people in general, don't take enough time to rest. It's hard to
say that without it sounding like an indictment of people who are out right now
doing the things I wish I was doing, but I think it's true at least in the
general case that we don't rest enough.

American society has no real love of rest. No respect for rest. It's ingrained
in every cultural norm and in many of our explicit policies (or the absence of
explicit policies; I'm looking at you, no-mandatory-PTO).

Yet rest is so productive. Creativity thrives in open spaces, no innovation is
born out of "grinding," and sleep is at least half of physical training. When
you look at it that way, it defies reason why we should shit on rest so much.

As it happens, I have a chronic lower back inflammation issue, and because of
that I require more rest than an average person. More than anyone I know
personally, as a matter of fact. I've had to take numerous, almost un-countable
days off from climbing or cycling or my accessory training exercises.

It sucks to not be able to participate, and it sucks to feel like I'm treading
water toward my strength or climbing technique goals. But at the same time,
every day that I stretch I am making progress toward my flexibility goals.
Flexibility is one of the core drivers of what causes this inflammation in the
first place and having more and better flexibility is going to make this happen
less often.

In that way, I am also making progress toward being more generally fit and
healthy. It is a journey that, I'm sure, will take years. Six months in, I've
already seen progress. Where will I be in six months from *now*? Surely it is
almost impossible to imagine.

All because of rest. From "hanging back" from the intense activity that
aggravates my issues and focusing on the gentle activity that heals them. This
post is an effort on my part to recognize where I am for what it is.

I also can do better to remember that when things got bad, like really bad,
during the summer last year, I took four full weeks off from climbing and when I
returned I saw a step change in my capacity as a result of the stretching. I
immediately sent a difficult 5.11 that I could not have done before.

That could happen again. Rest is powerful. Find the right balance for you, and
be confident in that balance, be proud of it. Everyone's journey is different.
My journey is more halting than others', but all that matters to me is my own
progress and my own health and well-being. "Halting and fun" sure beats "fast
but debilitating."
