---
title: "2024 11 24"
date: 2024-11-24T16:12:36-05:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Red 5.10 corner, balancey
 - Red 5.10 hard, bubbly
 - Green 5.11 tricky
 - Red 5.11 slopy as shit
---

Jet lagged; lazy Saturday; Sunday climbing log.<!--more-->

#### Sends

{{< sends >}}

Jet lag sucks. Sure it's only three hours, but dang, this west-to-east travel
thing is the pits and someone should do something about it. I'm not remotely
sleepy at 9pm, and 5am comes and goes before I even know what happened. Because
I'm asleep.

I'm slowly adjusting, I just like to whine about it. I was a zombie at work on
Thursday, but felt pretty normal on Friday. It was great to have a whole day
with no obligations on Saturday to just rest my back and my mind.

I played a fair bit of Cyberpunk 2077, did a few household chores, and otherwise
made myself as sluggish as physically possible. I think I stayed in pajamas for
most of the day.

Today we would normally take the kid to his climbing class, but they're on
hiatus between sessions (and for the holiday I guess), so instead we all went to
the South Boston gym. I don't get to go there often because it's far and harder
to get to due to traffic and all, so it's always exciting for me.

I still have a fair amount of anxiety about my back, and when I woke up this
morning it was *not* feeling good. I have been laying on the heating pad in the
morning like I used to do and I think that has actually helped. The PT routine
felt fine, so off we went to the gym.

At the gym itself I felt *fine* and that was a great relief to me. I had
committed to toplining, which I continue to think is somehow "lower impact" than
bouldering but I'm not sure that's even true. I warmed up on a couple of 5.8
routes and then set my sights on the 10s.

I flashed two *very* tricky red 5.10s, which I considered a win. The wife
pointed me at a green 5.11 that looked pretty doable so I took a stab at it and
it turned out to be trickier than I thought. I did send it after a few tries,
though.

While working on the green one, I saw another guy working on a red 5.11 on the
adjacent corner that looked pretty spicy. Lots of slopers. I decided to give
that one a go.

The red one was *hard*. It took me at least a couple of tries to get halfway,
and then another try or two to get to the top. I touched the last hold but lost
my grip and fell off two times. At that point, I felt like I needed a longer
rest, and also felt shaky, so I went to the front desk and bought a Clif bar.

I ate my protein bar, drank some water, took my shoes off, and hung out with
everyone else in the boulder area until I felt fully rested and went back for
another go. I *flew* up the thing and unequivocally sent it. The beauty of rest!

One of the big take-aways here is that learning the beta that works in each
piece and executing it efficiently saves a ton of energy. I had it dialed in
enough that I could just shoot right up to the top before my grip gave out.

I also sent a few boulder problems but nothing that feels worth writing about.
Just glad to be able to climb without discomfort, and feeling pretty strong!

Back to work tomorrow. Short week, two Thanksgivings, a bunch of driving...
Should be fun.
