---
title: "2024 11 10"
date: 2024-11-10T08:57:38-05:00
---

Reflections on how we got here and what we're going to do about it.

I'm feeling the urge to pontificate on capitalism and politics so if that isn't
up your alley feel free to move along.

There is a lot of commentary out there attempting to piece apart what convinced
so many people who probably voted for Biden to vote for Trump. Within it are
analyses of what "facism" means or what "liberal" means or what it means to be
an "elite." None of this is all that important in my estimation.

The political ebb and flow mainly follows how people are _feeling_ about how
easy or hard their life is. In boom times, people tend to vote establishment (on
either side of the ideological spectrum) and in hard times, people tend to vote
the other way. That hasn't changed in, perhaps, the history of the country.

What has changed, though, is our ability to actually make life better for
Americans. In spite of what are sometimes great efforts by our political leaders
to improve our lives, I believe that their efforts are, more often than not, in
vain. The reason for this comes down to economics and incentives (as most things
do).

Since we got off the gold standard, the way our economy functions (which is the
same as any other economy based on a "fiat currency") is driven by central banks
and the Federal Reserve and by the spending and taxation activities of the
government. The government _spends money into existence_ and _taxes it out of
existence_.

The number one imperative of practically any American is to gather wealth.
Counter-intuitively the wealthiest people have the strongest imperative to add
more wealth and also the most flexibility to find ways to do so. Until
relatively recently, average people were entirely disinterested in the
"financialization" of the country. The average person had no reason to pay
attention to the stock market; you earned a wage, received a pension upon
retirement, and only the "wealthy elites" played in the land of equities and
securities.

But now everyone has an equity concern since the 401(k) killed the pension.
Corporations no longer have concern for their employees beyond their at-will
tenures, and regular people care a lot about whether the stock market's overall
value will grow.

All of this seems superficially A-OK until you consider this ground truth:

1. An average American's ability to retire at all is dependent upon the growth
   of the stock market.

2. The stock market cannot grow infinitely.

We have fooled ourselves into thinking that our economy can simply add value
forever. And, for a while, it looked very convincingly so. Technological
advancements have allowed fewer and fewer human and material resources to
generate absurd multiples of value. Industrialization, the internet, and our
more recent explosion of software-based products have created almost endless
earnings growth.

But now, if you look around and squint at it, all of the value is getting
concentrated in the hands of few companies and people. None of these companies
or people give two tugs of a dead dog's dick whether average Americans can live
a dignified life and retire, and it isn't their fault.

Capitalism and the free market are the most effective system we've yet found to
harness the intrinsic greed of millions of people and use it to drive outcomes.
When the outcome of earning money (making goods and services people need) is
aligned with creating a dignified life and retirement for people (attracting
workers, paying them, and giving them pensions), everything works great.

But those incentives are no longer aligned. "Financialization" erased the
straight line between the activities that generate the majority of wealth and
those activities benefitting people broadly. If you want to get really rich in
America, you need to make investments and see those investments grow.

Our retirement funds are tied up in all of this, so we now perceive that as a
net good, but in reality the kingpins of American business are strip-mining
everything they can get their hands on to deliver those returns. When WalMart
crushes a local mom-and-pop shop, that's financialization at work. When private
equity buys your veterinarian's office and fires half the staff, that's
financialization at work. When grocers raise their prices, complain on TV about
how "inflation" is "crushing their margins" and then go on record on their
earnings calls explaining how they _made all of that shit up_, that's
financialization.

That's what's on my mind this weekend. Of all things.

I guess I didn't say anything that you could do about it. Uh, my bad, I actually
don't have any fucking idea. Good luck out there.
