---
title: "2025 03 18 13 57"
date: 2025-03-18T13:57:14-04:00
---

More thoughts on rehab and flexibility, remarks on the USA Climbing boulder
finals.<!--more-->

I feel more and more like I'm turning a recognizable corner. Physical therapy
and stretching in general are slow, ambling physical processes and it can be
very hard to see the progress. On the pain management side, the results are
pretty clear, but it can also be up and down over time in a way that is
truly maddening.

With stretching, you seldom see results in even a month or two. Maybe you'll see
some subtle change in a few weeks but that hasn't been my experience. It's
mid-March, so I've been doing these stretches for almost eight months, and I
feel like I'm able to observe some real changes.

For one thing, I can get really deep into a child's pose now, which even a
couple of months ago I absolutely could not. It's still not a *comfortable*
position, and the stretch that I feel in my hips is acute, but I can actually
feel it getting deeper and easier.

An odd thing happened this morning where I was doing my stretches, most of which
are done on my back on the floor, and I noticed that my spine was not shoving
into the ground as much as perhaps it did before. My lumbar spine is kind of
bent the wrong way from a decade of slouching but my PT told me that doing these
daily stretches would eventually loosen it up and it would bend again.

I took her at her word and have been doing these movements every day (only
missed two days!) and as I was laying there this morning I swear it felt like a
pretty measurable change.

Of course there is no actual way to measure, much to my disappointment. I had
even asked my PT how I could track my stretching progress, and she said that I
could try to find some benchmark but that mostly they don't do that. That
surprised me, if I'm being honest.

The take-away from all of this is to stick to the routine. It's not about the
destination, it's about the journey, and all you can do is continue to be
diligent and trust in the work. If I'm seeing these changes now, I'm excited to
see what things will be like by July!

{{< dots >}}

On Sunday one of my climbing buds came over and we all watched the USA Climbing
bouldering finals, which is how they pick (some) of the members of the USA team
that will participate in global climbing competitions this year.

I knew little about these competitions going in and I still don't know a ton,
but it was fun to watch very serious and very strong young climbers basically
fail catastrophically on extremely spicy bouldering problems.

Some of the sends were epic, some of the failures were tragic. We streamed it on
YouTube, which was interesting. It was sponsored by YETI and also had commercial
breaks with basically the same three or four ads each time. It was a pretty
"rinky dink" presentation overall, but I'm glad it's there to stream for free
and on YouTube so we could pause and rewind it if we wanted to.

I think we'll end up watching a lot more of these!
