---
title: "2024 12 31"
date: 2024-12-31T16:22:34-05:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Black dyno V5 (!!); fourth? V5
 - Blue slab 5.10 (flash!)
 - Purple 5.11- (flash!)
 - Orange 5.11 (flash!)
---

New Years Eve is here. We climbed, we cleaned, we began austerity measures.<!--more-->

#### Sends

{{< sends >}}

We sent `$kid` to "camp" at our climbing gym yesterday for the full day, which
was truly great. He had a blast, we got the house to ourselves for the whole
day; what more could you want?

I finished building the NASA Artemis Space Launch System Lego that I got from
`$wife` for Christmas, and she put a big dent in the Endurance Lego that I got
for her. Apart from that I didn't do too much, which was pretty awesome.

I did watch "Dream Scenario" with Nick Cage. What a *bizarre* movie. Super
depressing, too. It kind of starts like, oh, this is quirky, this is unexpected,
but by the end the poor guy's life has just fallen apart and even though it has
a sort-of-positive ending, it's not a happy story. I'd recommend it, though, if
you're into strange films.

We climbed on Sunday and I didn't write an update about it; we went to the Rock
Spot in Lincoln, RI, which has much taller walls. I was not having my strongest
day, but everything went fine otherwise. I flashed a couple of V4 boulders,
which felt great, and then I spent most of my energy projecting a couple of
5.11s and didn't send either of them.

Today, we got back to our regular gym and met up with some friends, made a
couple new ones, and had a really strong day, as noted in the sends above.

I also got back on one of my "nemesis" climbs, a blue 5.11 that I have failed to
send for many sessions. It's really crimpy and has a terrible ending hold.
Today, I got to the top maybe three times. I still haven't sent it, but *now* I
feel like I could be truly within spitting distance and just need a bit more gas
in the tank to get it done.

`$wife` also had a strong day and flashed the same climbs that I did, as well as
sending a difficult 5.11- (harder than the new one we both flashed today).

We came home, ate lunch, hung around, and then we put away all the Christmas
stuff; the tree, the decorations, etc. It feels good to have the space back to
normal as we look toward the new year starting tomorrow.

Originally, the plan was to do another charcuterie board because it's simple and
easy, but `$kid` really wanted to do pizza and a movie so that's what we're
going to do. Tomorrow, austerity measures commence.

I've done "dry January" for many years, and `$wife` has been sober for four now,
so that's not even a "thing" anymore. This year, January austerity is going to
include cutting out all added sugar, all refined carbs, and basically all
processed food (not that we eat much of that anyway).

I, for one, am looking forward to a much more vegetable-forward January, and I
don't think I'll have any trouble cutting out the sweets.

See you next year!
