---
title: "2024 10 10"
date: 2024-10-10T18:53:07-04:00
---

3D printing is ramping up again; easing back into yoga.

#### 3D printing

We have a kitchen drawer full of spices. Most people probably have some kind of
a cabinet, rack, or shelf for all these spices that accumulate and we used to
use a cabinet but now they're in a drawer.

I think we saw the drawer idea at my in-law's house or something. The real plus
is that it's more space efficient; if you use a rack in a cabinet, you'll never
use the whole depth of the cabinet because you want to be able to see all of the
containers at once.

Anyway, I tried buying retail drawer spice racks and they all pretty much suck.
The main problem is that spice jars are all different and we are unwilling to
decant every new spice into a custom jar so that they can all be the same. Yes I
am aware that some demented people do this.

3D printing to the rescue! What better reason to design and print my own spice
container racks specifically for our drawers? I started a couple of days ago. I
have a design that I am pretty happy with for the large ones, which cleverly
accommodates both square and round containers.

There are a couple of flaws; I designed it for one container, figuring that I
would simply glue them to each other and that will work but I might like to have
some kind of registration notch or something to really align them. Also the lid
extends off the back, which is fine, but it means that the whole thing could
theoretically slide closer to the back of the drawer than I'd want it to.

These are minor nits, though. Printing just four of these guys takes like 10
hours so I ought to get committed to the design before I finish the nine or so
that I need.

While printing these I also attempted to re-print another household piece that I
designed years ago (unrelated) and ran it on the older Prusa MK2S with the new
organic supports and it failed in a spaghetti mess. I tried again with different
PLA and it failed again.

I think the MK2S is simply not in good enough physical shape to do these
intricate designs, or the build plate is too worn, or something else. But at
this point, you can hardly even replace parts on this guy because it's so old.
Prusa doesn't make the MK2 series build plates anymore because the whole world
has moved on to magnetic spring steel, which is so much better by far.

That of course got me thinking, well, maybe I need another new printer, right?

I did look at Bambu. Everyone is using Bambu Labs printers now and they seem
amazing. But what really irks me about the whole thing is that it's tied to
their cloud and their slicer and it all seems quite nice and Adam Savage uses it
but what if it suddenly doesn't? What if I want to print offline? What if I
don't want to sell my soul to the devil?

I love Prusa printers because they're open source, support printing from
external software like Octoprint, and offline printing is a core feature. Prusa
isn't going to sell you something that they can remotely brick. It's a printer,
you can use it how you want to, and that's what I'm into.

The MK4S is claimed to be about as fast as the Bambu Labs X1, but it achieves it
by using a higher flow nozzle rather than purely faster acceleration speeds.
There's more research to be done here but the MK4S would be a nice replacement
for the MK2S and would set me up with both an MK3 and MK4 to run simultaneously.

I'm still really happy with the MK3S, which is tons quieter, more accurate, and
has the spring steel build plate compared to my old MK2S.

The real question is, do I want to get the MK4S MMU and mess with multi-color or
multi-material prints? That could be a whole winter project right there.

#### Yoga

I finally bit the bullet and got into a second yoga class. With the climbing
twice a week, it's felt like I need time for my back to fully recover after the
exertion, so I haven't gone since that first class several weeks ago.

This week I felt like I was at 90% or so on my back so I made the commitment and
went. It was a good class, it was challenging in parts (the flexibility stuff is
always challenging for me pretty much across the board), but not super intense.
A nice way to spend an hour at the end of the day.

Only four people, including me, showed up for this one. Two older dudes (older
than me, anyway) who were in the first class I did and appear to be friends with
one another and certainly regulars at the studio, and another gal who was a
newbie like me.

I think the first class I took was maybe on a Monday? Perhaps the Thursday
classes are just less popular, but I think we're going to find out. I still have
three classes left on my five-pack that I originally bought, so unless I feel
actual pain I'm going to push myself to show up on Thursdays.

I do feel sore from it, but I'll take a day to assess whether that is a sign of
something worse or just muscle fatigue.
