---
title: "2025 05 20 20 10 Tuesday"
date: 2025-05-20T20:10:21-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Blue 5.?
 - Black 5.?
 - Orange 5.12-
---

Evening climb log and whatever else as usual.<!--more-->

I have not felt the best today. I woke up feeling pretty OK and as the day wore
on I felt more dehydrated and achy and weird. I was ready to convince myself
that I was getting sick, but my schedule doesn't allow for illness, so I wrapped
up with work and went with the family to the climbing gym.

We are always at the climbing gym. This was the third day in a row of climbing
for me, though none of these climbing sessions have been terribly long or hard.
But that's okay, it's about the fun, and the movement, and the friends.

{{< dots >}}

We met up with `$BELAY_BUDDY` who just got over covid (again) and went straight
for the ropes. `$WIFE` wanted to have a go on the new stuff I did yesterday and
I was keen to belay and kind of take it easy.

I think I climbed something to warm up but I can't remember for the life of me.
`$WIFE` hopped on the black 5.10+ and made quick work of it, slipping only once
I think because she was clearly rushing for some reason. She was able to do the
second to last move statically and I want to go back and try that myself later.

I climbed a new black and new blue that don't have grade tags yet, I flashed
them both. Consensus among our group is that the black is probably a 5.8 or 5.9,
and the blue is probably a 5.10, though I could see stiff 9 or 10- perhaps.

`$WIFE` climbed the blue 5.11- that I did yesterday and sent it in about two
attempts. She's very strong on those mantle/stand-up type moves. Then she
encouraged me to climb it again so she could see how I did it differently and I
felt pretty nervous about being in the spotlight but figured, what the hell,
right?

I climbed that thing so gracefully, let me tell you, it sent like a dream. Felt
way easier than yesterday for some reason. Probably knowing the beta helped.

The big story of the night, though, was this new orange one that doesn't have a
tag but our setter verbally told us it was a 5.12-, and I can get behind that
grade. I made several attempts, probably five or maybe six, and I just couldn't
get past the crux.

This one is a really clever climb. The start is tricky but after a couple tries
I had it locked in. You move from two pinches up left to a big sloper, then you
have to push further left into a gaston against an opposing sloper. From there
you get your foot up on the right sloper and pull on the left one to get
upright.

The next hold is a side pull facing left, and the way it's oriented, it's
extremely difficult to shift your entire weight to the right of it. I failed
again and again.

Then `$WIFE` had a go, tried a couple things, and then bam she sends it! She
sent it going for the side pull in the way that I literally could not do and I
was standing there with my jaw on the floor like, *What just happened?*

She comes down and she says *I have a secret, do you want to hear it?* Duh. She
tells me there's a knee bar during that crux weight shift and that helped her
make the side pull work. I needed to see this.

I got up there, pulled into it, got my knee locked into the edge of the left
sloper, and bam, I sent it!

I thought that climb was really neat, I always love it when a little beta
unlocks the climb and makes a completely impossible move suddenly become
possible. Kudos to `$WIFE` for never letting a knee bar go unnoticed!

`$WIFE` ended up sending that really mean pink 5.11, I had a couple tries on it
but couldn't pull it off. I will need to project it more, it's definitely not my
style and therefore it's deserving of more repetition.

We just bouldered for a little bit and nobody sent anything new or interesting
and then we came home. A perfectly nice little session.

I feel quite a bit less weird since climbing, and I wonder how I'll feel in the
morning. I did take a couple ibuprofen and my back doesn't feel perfect, but I'm
doing alright. A good sleep always helps, right?
