---
title: "2025 05 22 10 11 Thursday"
date: 2025-05-22T10:11:51-04:00
---

Trip planning, pain management, and more.<!--more-->

We'll drive up to Rumney, NH on Sunday for our first proper "climbing trip,"
which is to say a sleepover specifically for climbing. I was talked into getting
a campsite at the popular Barn Door Hostel and sharing a tent with everyone
(`$WIFE`, my `$BELAY_BUDDY`, and `$WIFE`'s belay buddy---I realize this is
getting to be confusing but I don't want to use names).

When it was proposed, my reaction was "caution to the wind, adventure time!" and
as usual my anxiety starts to take over as we get closer to the date. I'm trying
to maintain more of an adventurous outlook on it but there are logistics that I
can't ignore.

Anyway, I think I'm nearly loaded out. I'll finally have a chance to use my
JetBoil in a camping situation (for coffee, obviously) and I need to pick up an
inflatable camp pillow, but I think the rest of my kit is good. I'm always
interested in new flashlights but the ones I have now will work fine, mainly I
like to have a red light for getting up in the night.

{{< dots >}}

My podcast co-host turned me on to Dr. Rachel Zoffness, who has written what is
evidently the go-to CBT manual for pain. I started listening to a podcast
interview with her and she seems quite impressive, with two master's and a Ph.D.
in psychology and decades spent researching pain. I ordered the book and it
should arrive today.

Just to recap, I still feel uncomfortable, I concede that all pain is in my
head, and I climbed three days in a row anyway and had a great time. Most of my
anxiety stems from this planned trip, which has a long drive built in, and the
sort of high-stakes feeling of the commitment.

Peeling that apart, though, I'm traveling with `$WIFE` and friends, and everyone
understands what is up with me. It would be a bummer to not be feel comfortable
climbing, but it would also not be the end of the world as we know it. I should
be able to manage it the same way I manage gym trips, and I'm sure I'll have a
good time just being outside and with friends.

I do have a sort of perfectionist side of me that always wants things to be
"just so" and it sucks a lot of the enjoyment out of things for me when they're
not. Like I hate not being able to hear the music and sounds of a game; to me a
game is a fully immersive experience and I want to have all of it.

Likewise if speakers have like a subtle rattle or something, or if my car makes
little chronic noises, these things bother me a lot. I concede that how things
make me feel is also a choice that I can make, but I've always been this way,
and it's hard for me to convince myself that I should be satisfied with a worse
experience if a better one could be available.

It doesn't help that I've been feeling mildly sick for a few days now, too. I'm
really hoping that these few days in a row of super low-key activity will give
my body time to recover from whatever this is. It's very mild, but also very
annoying, and I don't want it to get worse.

Thankfully other than taking `$KID` to his drum lesson this afternoon, I don't
really have any other obligations. I will do a coaching session tomorrow, and I
want to go out and buy this inflatable pillow, but that's about it.

{{< dots >}}

I think that's all for now, I'll post again with some thoughts about the book
once I have absorbed some of it.
