---
title: "2025 02 10"
date: 2025-02-10T07:12:48-05:00
---

Over the cusp and into the week.<!--more-->

Sometimes Mondays feel like that moment when you crest the initial hill of the
roller coaster and you're about to feel gravity take over. There's no turning
back, no getting off. You're in it until the end, now.

A lot of modern life can be described as the struggle between our autonomy and
our calendars. What must we do today? Can we wiggle out of any of this? Which of
these things are calling to us, energizing us?

Surely not performance reviews.

{{< dots >}}

This was a great post I saw this morning: [Why Blog If Nobody Reads It?][blog]
That could be the tagline for this blog, right? Nevertheless, the post captures
what I've been saying about writing for a while: the best reason to do it is for yourself.

[blog]: https://andysblog.uk/why-blog-if-nobody-reads-it/

If you're reading this right now, hey, welcome. But also, I don't care! I write
this for me, to organize my thoughts and reflect on my life, and if you take
something away from it that's icing on the cake.

This is a theme I've explored more broadly as well. As soon as you start doing
something for an extrinsic reason, it can quite easily become a chore. It's not
a universal rule, and the old adage that "if you do something you love you'll
never work a day in your life" *can* be true, but in my experience it is false
more often than it is true.

Similarly, the trick to being consistent with any sort of "work" is to find the
intrinsic reward in it. That's been a challenge for me throughout my life and
career. I'm just not very disciplined. "Discipline," in a way, is doing things
without intrinsic reward (or at least without immediate intrinsic reward).

The discipline to keep up with my physical therapy routine is visceral, it stems
from feeling pain, or having felt pain and not wanting to feel it again. I know
that when the memory of the pain fades it will be harder to keep doing it. So
far that, unfortunately, hasn't become a problem.

But I write in this blog for me. Because I like to write. I like exposition. I
like playing with ideas and prose and all of that. I hope that I can continue to
find the joy in it. As long as I'm doing it for me, that feels likely.

{{< dots >}}

The Super Bowl happened last night and I watched exactly none of it. I haven't
watched a Super Bowl in a few years, I think. I would generally go watch with
friends but none of my friends do "Super Bowl parties" anymore. I never much
cared for the sport anyway, so no big loss.

I guess I missed a bit of a halftime spectacle, but I got that whole story from
the news, with a lot more context than I would have had in the moment. It's
funny to watch out-of-touch right-wingers complain that they don't know who this
"Kendrick Lamar" person is or why they're performing. I've never heard a single
track of his, but the man won a Pulitzer Prize for Music. So, whatever Matt Gaetz.
