---
title: "2024 12 07"
date: 2024-12-07T08:41:17-05:00
---

Sure, let's talk about health care, why not?<!--more-->

I'm feeling the urge to expound on this United Healthcare CEO assassination, if
only because it will help me to sort my thoughts and feelings about it. If
you're not into that, well, you know where to find the door.

Assassinating the head of any corporation is unlikely to be an effective salve
for whatever misdeed the corporation has perpetrated against you. Corporations
are, to use Cory Doctorow's words, "sociopathic colony organisms." Cut off the
head, and a new one grows back.

Setting aside entirely the fact that committing a murder as some form of
vengeance is both morally bankrupt and contrary to the tenets of any civil
society, what is the real-world utility of killing this guy? Will anything come
of this? Is this the flashpoint of a burgeoning revolution?

These are the kinds of questions being batted around in my social circles, and
I'm not sitting here saying that I have any answers, but what I do have---in
spades---is observations.

When was the last time some tangible population of Americans *celebrated a
murder*? I am having trouble thinking of one. The reaction to this event across
the various social channels has been apathetic at best and celebratory at worst.
I say worst because I'd love to live in a society that doesn't celebrate murder,
and yet here we are.

So "the people" to some extent are aligned that this guy, for whatever reason,
or at least in some small way, *deserved to die*. I'm sure that these sentiments
are amplified by parasocial distance; you can offhandedly wish death on public
figures for trivial reasons and raise exactly zero eyebrows these days. Yet
still, there's not much hand-wringing about this, is what I'm saying.

What are people hoping for? What do we want to have happen? Will this public
killing cause or accelerate it? All of this remains to be seen, but I can render
an opinion.

First, murdering this company's CEO is vanishingly unlikely to change its
behavior. Not least of which because of the whole colony organism thing, but
also because the incentives are so stacked against us here, which is how we got
to where we are in the first place.

The system as it exists is literally *optimized* to create inhumane, even
murderous, organizations. Every control mechanism in and around these insurance
companies is rigged up to the money-making machine and as long as it keeps going
*brrrr*, nobody is going to pull that plug. The sole directive of a private
company is to make as much money as possible and the biggest hindrance to that
goal is *paying claims*.

Some of the indescribable lengths that these companies will go to in avoiding a
payout are actually *emergent properties* of these complex systems. Broken
workflows, inadequate controls, and so on, often have no identifiable
perpetrator. Systems are built to some spec, or more likely integrated across
acquisitions, and it is discovered that parts don't work terribly well, but
because fixing it costs money and doing things right would only *cost* more
money, they are left as they are.

Seen from a helicopter altitude, this is a company knowingly putting a few
dollars ahead of human lives, but that isn't how it gets that way. More likely
it's individual, separately incentivized departments managing a P&L and electing
not to fix bugs or processes that clash with other departments.

Justified? No, of course not. Understandable? Yeah, I think so.

There are only two solutions, broadly speaking, that I can see:

One: government steps in and establishes regulation that forces these companies
to (effectively) make less money in order to provide more robust care. Such
legislation would be difficult to write and politically fraught, but it could
help.

Two: government steps in and offers health care itself, acting both as a
provider-of-last-resort as well as an influential competitor in the industry. A
single-payer with an undeniably large customer base and immense bargaining
power.

In reality I think some degree of both are required. I also don't think that
killing people is going to make it happen... Unless they start killing senators.
