---
title: "2022 11 21"
date: 2022-11-21T19:39:20-05:00
---

Kiddo woke up with a low fever this morning, triggering a cascade of routine
changes that basically blew my whole day away. Add to that my festering
commitment to the daily tasks I had laid out previously and you have yourself
the ideal conditions for *playing Vampire Survivors for most of the day*.

I had an hour-long phone call with another coach, I'll call them `$DOC`, whom
I'm connected to through a mutual friend and we got into the weeds of building a
practice, fees, schedules, and all that. I'm reaching some new conclusions.

A lot of what he suggested was straight from [The Prosperous Coach][pc] by Steve
Chandler and Rich Litvin. (I suspect that they are prosperous also because
they're selling this book for $39 for the Kindle edition.)

[pc]: https://amzn.to/3gxpu9b

The message aligns with everything Robert Ellis and my other new coach friend,
`$THE_CLIMBER` and I talked about in our first chat.

The reason Robert talks about "creating clients" rather than finding clients is
a nod to the reality that few people out there know what coaching is or whether
they need it. You create the client by showing them. For that reason, your
prospects are... Anyone.

* I need to be having a ton more conversations.

* The strategies I've been using to get conversations are not working.

* Outside of having conversations, I should do whatever else I want to.

Mainly, blogging is cool and I should do it if I like to, but I shouldn't
consider the blog as part of any "funnel," nor should I even think about
funnels. Funnels are stupid.

It is time to reconfigure my entire approach, and re-commit to the new strategy
after Thanksgiving. If I can sketch out something I like in the next two days
I'll feel great about that.

All of my clients and prospects are pushing their calls out till after
Thanksgiving anyway, so I will have some time to think.

More to come.
