---
title: "2022 12 01"
date: 2022-12-02T18:53:30-05:00
---

I honestly can't believe that it's December. How is it December already?

Perhaps I should have been tipped off by the Christmas tree in the dining room
and the fact that we're playing Mannheim Steamroller Christmas music almost
every waking moment of the day, but it still feels like it was summer just
yesterday.

Anyhow, it's been an okay week overall. School was out Monday, which threw the
schedule off, and then I started to feel a bit under the weather around
Wednesday, which is improving but I'm still running at 80% or so.

I finally got the guest post for my buddy's newsletter into shape after
literally rewriting it twice, so that was today's big accomplishment. I spent a
lot longer on it than it seemed like I should have to, but it is done now. We'll
probably shoot some edits and ideas back and forth and get it out next week.

I began assembly on a rewire project for my home network equipment, which I'm
excited about. It's gotten progressively more chaotic and ugly over the years
and it's time for a fresh start. There's nothing like a clean rewiring project
to highlight a guy's weekend.

I missed the boat on registering for December CoachU classes, but I don't intend
to do anything productive in the last week of the year, which is the one major
gift I always give myself, so perhaps it's best that I begin in January. I also
registered for Robert Ellis' "client creation sprint" in January. It will be
eventful.

Looking forward to a relaxing weekend. Tomorrow we'll do "Winterlights" at a
Trustees property nearby and really start to ring in the holiday season. Other
than that, probably just games and TV, as it should be.
