---
title: "2022 11 08"
date: 2022-11-08T15:21:43-05:00
---

Today was spent mainly on two things: this week's newsletter article, which is
part two of a two-part series on meetings; and chatting with the group in Robert
Ellis' "Coaching from Essence Master Coach Program."

The article is going fine. I always get a buzz out of generating some snarky
Midjourney images to break up the sections of these articles and this time is no
exception. I should be able to have it all wrapped up and ready to go to press
some time tomorrow. I also set up the social posts to promote it.

I started the day with a plan to start ideating on group sessions or workshops
that I could run, which is a concept I've been toying with to create a
"lower-cost on-ramp," and I completely stalled out on that. Then, in Robert's
Master Coach Program this afternoon, the conversation moved to money and several
light bulbs turned on.

Robert always says you have to build your identity. He says "You're a coach, and
what do coaches do? They coach." His general recommendation is to figure out
what a "full practice" is and get there. Essentially fill all your slots, even
if that means you're coaching at discounted rates or free.

This was advice that I really needed.

Others then shared their challenges with having the money conversation. I heard
from people who are charging $2,500 a month, $3,500 a month, and $10,000 a month
(!!). They don't charge *everyone* that much, though.

The revelation is this:

* Keep a full roster. This keeps you working, practicing, growing, and
  connected. (The better you are, the more people will sing your praises).
  
* Only work with people you feel inspired by or generous toward. This is key.

* After the first session, when you are having the "money talk," you do the
  following:
  
  * Acknowledge how much you like, and want to work with, the person. The
    crucial thing here is that you're honest, and you're surfacing why it isn't
    about the money for you.
    
  * Use whatever realistic "anchor price" works. This will change over time, so
    don't stress about it. For Robert, it's $10,000 a month.

  * Acknowledge that your anchor price is high for this prospect (unless you
    know it isn't), and ask them what they think would represent a *real
    commitment* for them, and would be *fair* for you.
    
This way, you leave the door open for more clients to fill the roster, which
creates opportunity to learn, and opportunity to create new connections and
clients.
