---
title: "2022 11 30"
date: 2022-11-30T19:21:24-05:00
---

I ran the gauntlet today.

I began the day with a cold walk to the bus stop with the kiddo, then a
leisurely stroll around the town center. Cold, but good to get the body moving
and appreciate the warm indoors all the more.

I took some time to finish a pending repair project in the house, and then had a
productive client session, followed by a coaching practice trade. These
back-to-back sessions are hard enough, but that led straight into a review
meeting for `$PROJECT_PENGUIN`.

Finally I had a break and ate some lunch, took a step back from the screen,
regrouped mentally and emotionally, and got ready to go back into more meetings!

The founder for `$PROJECT_PENGUIN` also had a back-to-back meeting day, so we
agreed to cut it short and allow ourselves another break. Finally, I had a
coaching session with a new prospect, which went pretty well.

This evening, I received the new glasses I ordered from Warby Parker. I've been
wearing Warby Parker glasses for a few years now, but the ones I had been
wearing were so scratched up it was starting to really bother me.

These new ones have a slightly adjusted prescription so I'm in that phase of
feeling like everything is just a little bit "off." Hopefully I'll adjust
quickly.

{{< dots >}}

The revelation of the day was developing the first couple steps of a new
concrete plan to create clients, for which I can thank my coaching practice
partner who helped me come to this simple but helpful conclusion.

I have a thankfully quiet day tomorrow so I'm going to dig into that and see
where it takes me. I'll be sure to report back.
