---
title: "2024 09 24"
date: 2024-09-24T19:45:28-04:00
---

A great session for the "Tuesday Topliners"; home improvement stuff continues
apace; Hot Wheels Unleashed 2 is deceptively hard.<!--more-->

#### Sends

 - White 5.11 crimpy
 - Black 5.10 on the lead wall
 - Blue 5.11 volcano pocket mantle

We've been going to the rock climbing gym on Tuesdays as a family for a while
now. I skipped out for four weeks while I was nursing my back so this was my
second Tuesday back. I think.

We have a bit of a crew that we've assembled and I have a little group text with
two of the guys and we try to align our schedules when we can. Tonight we had
three of us toplining and it was fun to rotate and have longer rest and attempt
some really hard stuff.

I tried a couple of 5.12s but they were both beyond my reach at present. Good
projects. I did send *another* V4 boulder, the 5.10 I was too pumped to finish
last time, a new 5.11-, and a 5.11 that I had worked on a ton before I hurt my
back.

It's a miracle it was still up and I wasn't planning on working on it at all,
but it was very satisfying to finally send it.

#### Home improvements

It's nice when things start to come together. A couple weeks ago we refinished
the floor of our basement laundry area and this week we're putting in installed
wire shelves, which is going to be amazing.

I also finally got traction from my contractor guy on the situation with our
back door, which opens onto the deck that we added a few years ago, but it's
like a featureless metal storm door and it looks like shit and you can't see out
to the deck and if that wasn't bad enough the whole jamb and part of the bottom
of the frame are literally rotting out.

Hopefully in a couple of weeks we'll have a new door that matches our front
door, with screen door attached, and a whole new jamb that isn't rotted to hell.

What's truly ludicrous is that exterior doors can cost up to like two thousand
dollars. For a door!

#### Hot Wheels Unleashed 2

On a whim I started looking up racing games that I can play on my Steam Deck. I
like a good fun arcade racer and I came across Hot Wheels Unleashed 2, which was
on sale on Steam for like $10 so I bought it.

Holy shit that game is so hard. Like, it's way harder than you'd think it should
be as a cute little Hot Wheels game. Early in the game you're confronted with
totally unrelenting courses on par with Rainbow Road, or worse. Like one wrong
move at any point and you fly off the track and lose so much time you have to
just restart.

The core features of the game are drift and boost, but even drift is pretty
challenging to nail, especially when you're in a hairpin section of the course
with no guard rails and one miscalculation sends you hurtling off into nowhere.

At least it was only ten bucks.
