---
title: "2024 09 22"
date: 2024-09-22T17:25:10-04:00
---

A solid climbing session; the school's "summer" carnival; brutalism tour
rescheduled.

### Climbing

The Child (7) has resumed Sunday climbing lessons at our gym, which means we all
go together so that Mom and Dad can climb while kiddo is under supervision. This
was my third climbing session since my lower back injury.

I have been very cautious overall, and took four days off from basically
everything (save for one casual bike ride) since the last climbing session, and
I think that helped buffer my back as well as give my grip a chance to recover.

I was able to send the V4 that I worked on last week, which still took a few
tries, and felt like a big win for me. I also flashed another V4, which honestly
could probably be a spicy V3.

In the last 25 minutes, wife and I belayed some topline routes and we both
flashed a 5.11- (our gym does this confusing plus/minus thing that has no real
definition), and I flashed a 5.10, so all in all it was a very good session for
me.

My back is feeling a little sore after the climb, but I think after some rest,
I'll be right as rain. Hoping that the soreness eventually stops happening as I
continue to stretch and strengthen.

### Summer carnival

The Child's elementary school does a "carnival" once a year, which is supposed
to be in the summer, but it was rained out this year so they bumped it to today.
Miraculously, after literally an entire day of rain yesterday, it turned out to
be a beautiful day.

The wife is like "we'll probably stay an hour," so after 2.5 hours we were both
pretty tapped out. The Child rode every ride, a few of them two or three times,
and it was the kind of chaos factory that only an elementary school carnival can
be.

At least I can confirm that my boy is not the only kid who screams like a
banshee for literally no discernible reason. Everyone had fun, I chatted with
one (1) other dad, and that is about my max for an afternoon so that's great.

### Brutalism Tour 2024

Next Saturday I blocked out an afternoon to photograph with another friend, and
we were going to go to a nearby town to catch some general New England
architecture, but instead I'm going to drag her on my Brutalism Tour 2024 and I
admit I'm pretty psyched about it.

Hopefully it doesn't suddenly rain.
