---
title: "2025 04 24 20 14"
date: 2025-04-24T20:14:57-04:00
---

Visiting Canada, going to the movies, doing all the self-care.<!--more-->

The whole family and our close friends shipped off to Niagara Falls and Toronto
over the last week. We got back on Tuesday but I hadn't set aside any time to
write any status updates.

#### Niagara Falls

Briefly, the trip was great! Niagara Falls was as incredible as I hazily recall
from when I visited as a kid, and a lot busier than any of us expected given the
early time of year. Some of the attractions aren't even open for the season yet,
but the place was fairly bustling.

The thing about Niagara is: you go to see the falls and that's where the falls
are, so if the Hilton hasn't bought new mattresses or updated their building in
25 years, what choice do you have?! A lot of the area looks really dated, and it
is, because there is no reason to update it.

We had dinner at the Skylon rotating restaurant, and I gotta say, it's a real
scene. The food is solidly OK, the service is solidly OK, the prices are solidly
too high, but you do get to see the entire Niagara area as the floor makes one
full rotation every hour at the top of its concrete spire.

#### Toronto

Toronto was a blast. We drove straight from Niagara to Medieval Times for
dinner, which became one of the overall *highlights* for everyone, adults and
kids included. Great atmosphere, service, and show. Five stars. Would do again.

We did manage to get in a couple hours of climbing at a place called Basecamp,
which is a cozy bouldering-only gym. They do a color-coded grade range system,
and I personally found that quite freeing, and it was loads of fun to explore a
gym with entirely new problems and a lot of new, unique holds that our gyms
don't use. We all thought the setting was cool and we had a ball.

We stayed in the Marriott City Centre, which is attached to the Rogers Centre.
Overall it was a great stay and the location is perfect; you're in the shadow of
the CN Tower and you can walk to the aquarium without even crossing a street.
Easy access to the whole waterfront and a very short Uber or cab ride from the
Distillery District or the other attractions that we didn't do, like Casa Loma castle.

The aquarium was probably the second highlight. The main feature is a snaking
"moving sidewalk" type thing that carries you through an impossibly long "S"
shaped tube inside of a massive aquarium. Sharks and sea turtles and tons of
fish are swimming all around you as you pass through, it's quite something.

#### Travel

We flew on Porter Airlines, direct from Boston Logan to the Billy Bishop Toronto
City Airport. I highly recommend this. Porter is great, all their staff are
awesome, and flying in and out of Billy Bishop is awesome because it's so small
and easy.

We have TSA Pre-Check so we blazed through security on the US side, and then
coming home the airport was so empty we blazed through security there, too. Even
customs on the US side on our return was well-staffed and quick, which is, uh,
unexpected. Not just because of all the recent \<waves hands\>.

It was a great trip, it cemented my positive regard for Toronto as a city, and
although it was my third or maybe fourth time there, I'd go back again!

#### Movies

It's April vacation in schools, so when we got home we left `$KID` with my
in-laws until the weekend. We occasionally get these opportunities to live like
independent adults and it's been pretty fun. Last night we went to dinner and
tonight we saw The Amateur at the local luxury theater, the kind with reclining
easy chairs and food service and shit.

The Amateur was fine. I'd give it a C+ in the category of action/suspense films,
maybe I'll write more words about it but I'd say don't rush out to see it. It
was a bit of a compromise among what was playing and I think we both felt
satisfied with it, as a diversion.

#### Self-care

Today I got a much-needed haircut, which I tried to sneak in before the trip but
couldn't find the time. It's always nice to have a proper haircut.

Tomorrow, I have a massage in the morning, and finally on Saturday I have my
third acupuncture treatment. I'm just doing all the self-care over here.

I don't have much else to say about it, I'm not sure that I'm really committed
to more massage but I figured I'd do a second one and see if I change my mind at
all. It might be something I would do a bit less often, like a few times a year.

I can't tell at all whether acupuncture is helping, but I also can't say it's
hurting, so I'll go for at least six treatments and make a call on whether or
not to continue. Since my insurance is footing most of the bill, with only a $25
copay, I see no reason not to stick with it for a while.

Maybe I will do a more comprehensive lower back status tomorrow post-massage.
