---
title: "2025 03 08 17 09"
date: 2025-03-08T17:09:16-05:00
---

Scavengers Reign is a startling show that should have lived on.<!--more-->

Despite broad acclaim from critics and audiences alike, Scavengers Reign enjoyed
only one season before dying on the vine in a way that I can't help but compare
to Firefly, another show that had much more to say.

I really enjoyed the one season of this show, which ended with obvious
foreshadowing of a planned second season that now we will never be able to see.
The show started as an animated short that aired on Adult Swim, then the
creators expanded it into a series pitch that was ultimately picked up by Max.

Max produced the first season, then canceled it. Last year, Netflix bought the
show (the rights, I suppose), but ultimately declined to produce a second
season. It really feels like the kind of show that Netflix *would* produce, but
who knows what goes on in those meetings. Plus Netflix just makes so much stuff
now, they have to draw the line somewhere, and I get that.

Still, this show, wow.

A buddy of mine recommended it to me and I put off watching it for a long time.
Then, one evening a few weeks back, I decided to just watch the first episode to
see what it's really about. I'll be honest, I wasn't a fan of the art style at
first, but it did grow on me.

About ten minutes in, all this crazy alien plant and animal shit starts
happening, and I'm like "what in the holy fuck is this??" and I was hooked.
Turns out, that's the entire theme of the show; humans are stranded on an alien
planet and have to try to survive the absolutely *fucking bonkers* plants and
animals that sort of all want to kill them, and each other.

It's a twelve-episode science fiction survival horror story that paints a
picture of a planet where, to paraphrase another reviewer, the lines between
flora and fauna are blurred. You watch the show to root for, or against, various
human characters and learn about their backstories, but what really keeps you
there is the bizarre and creative depictions of the alien ecosystem.

Parasitic, symbiotic, predatory; you name it. Weird, grotesque, often graphic,
and sometimes beautiful depictions of evolutionary adaptations are the central
theme.

What turns into the primary "bad guy" character is a telepathic, telekinetic
alien apparently called "Hollow," although that word appears only in an episode
synopsis and is never uttered in the show. The only real shortcoming for me
across the whole first season is that Hollow's motivations are never really
revealed. It just has it out for these people, and its power is practically
unstoppable.

Hollow at one point absorbs one of the human survivors and attaches him to its
body, and apparently (based on reading a plot synopsis later on) it is
understood that the human's shitty personality is part of what corrupts Hollow
and makes it so vengeful. That didn't really come across to me, though, because
Hollow was an asshole from the first moment it appeared, and basically entranced
and enslaved the survivor to hunt for it before finally absorbing him into its
body.

Regardless of how clear or unclear the motivations were, Hollow is an effective
bad guy. It's determined, powerful, and ruthless.

Eventually the call for help transmitted by one of the survivors is received by
a trio of opportunists who believe that they can loot the survivors' ship and
use the supplies and materials to improve life for their own colony. The *de
facto* leader of the trio, Kris, is one of my favorite characters. She's a
bitch, don't get me wrong, but she brings an intense dynamic to the story.

This is a lot of words to say "you should watch this show."

You should watch this show.

It's on Netflix.
