---
title: "2024 11 21"
date: 2024-11-21T07:27:42-05:00
---

I'm back. Sort of. I need to get more sleep.<!--more-->

#### Photo bags

Last week I wrote about packing my Shimoda photo bag, then moving everything to
the Peak Design Everyday 30L and feeling really good about it. Well, I moved
everything back and ultimately took the Shimoda to Death Valley and _hot damn_
was that the correct choice.

Reasons to choose the Shimoda for these kinds of trips:

1. Lots of space. I downplayed how much space I'd need, and I definitely didn't
   need it all, but it was good to have that space available.
   
2. The additional comfort of the thick straps while walking and hiking was
   pretty crucial.

3. Access to everything through the large zippered door ended up being as
   convenient as I imagined when I bought it.

I brought both my infrared-converted X-T4 and my X-T5, which share Fuji lenses,
and I wound up swapping lenses so often, it was helpful to put the bag on the
ground or in the trunk of the rental car and use it as a third hand to do that.

The Shimoda bag also has lots of loops and attachment points on the straps and I
ended up using one on the right shoulder strap to clip on my radio, which was so
cool and convenient. Radios are cool.

#### Radios

Because we had a large group (my family of three and my friend's family of
four), and because there's close to no service of any kind in Death Valley, the
best way to keep in touch is by radio. When we all traveled together to Olympic
National Park six years ago we brought these cheap little GMRS radios and they
really helped (even when there was cell service).

This time, we got these Baofeng 10-watt FRS/GMRS/HAM handhelds (UV-5RM if you
want to look them up). For the price, I strongly recommend them! I created a
frequency list and suite of settings in the "CHIRP" app on my PC and flashed all
of our radios with it (awesome feature by the way), locking every frequency on
the "high" power setting.

The range on these things is really impressive. We could definitely get multiple
miles of range, even with obstructions, which the previous cheapo radios could
never do. Obviously 10 watts of power helps, but also using the "correct"
antenna is key (a 6" whip is the right choice for FRS/GMRS in the 400MHz range).

These Baofeng UV-5R radios are pretty widely recommended as "budget" or
"starter" HAM radios and they have all of the features you need to operate an
amateur radio control point (repeater offsets, PL/CTCSS, etc.) They worked
really well for us, even after getting dropped in the sand and banged around a
bit. They're plastic and not water/dust-proof or anything, but they held up
well.

It was *so key* to be able to coordinate while driving in our separate cars to
destinations ("hey we're going to pull over here to photograph this," "do you
guys see these cool Joshua trees?!") and while hiking at inevitably different
speeds ("I'll wait for you at the next scramble").

Plus you feel cool as shit using a radio out in the field.

#### Underslept

We had a layover on the flight home because it was the only reasonable time that
wasn't a redeye and our connection from Salt Lake City was delayed about 30
minutes (the plane coming in from Phoenix was late). That could have been worse,
and the flight overall was totally fine (lifted off promptly, arrived at its
gate promptly), but that delay pushed us from about midnight to more like
12:30am.

After deplaning, walking to baggage claim, finding our car, etc., we were closer
to 1am. Then of course there were miles of single-lane construction zones on the
Mass Pike because car infrastructure needs relentless maintenance, which got us
back home closer to 2am.

I gotta say, the trip was 100% worth it, and taking a "travel day" is fine, and
I won't complain, but getting home at two and getting up for work at around
seven is *pretty rough*. I was basically a zombie from around noon on.
