---
title: "2025 03 11 11 49"
date: 2025-03-11T11:49:15-04:00
---

More injuries to add to the list, but this time not mine. Some assorted updates
on other topics.<!--more-->

As we had just begun climbing on Sunday, `$WIFE` was working on a difficult V6
problem that she's been projecting for a while now. She had done all the parts
separately and was about to tie it all together. She fell once, no problem. Fell
twice, dislocated her right elbow!

Off the jump I have to say she handled it amazingly well. I mean the bone popped
out, right? It was definitely "deformed" (the actual word the EMS folks used),
yet she was calm and collected and we got it figured out.

EMS said they didn't see a need to insist on the ambulance ride so we elected to
drive ourselves to the hospital where her PCP works, which is also one of the
best hospitals in the state and by extension probably one of the best in the
country. How lucky we are to live in the Boston suburbs.

Long story short, they were able to pop it back in with a procedure that they
call a "reduction" because it is reducing the distance between the bones. Why
they don't call it a "relocation" I couldn't tell you.

So far as we know right now, the recovery process is basically a splint for a
few days, a sling for as many more days as necessary, probably PT, and hopefully
that's all. We need to see an orthopedist tomorrow and get more details,
possibly more x-rays or an MRI, but by and large these types of dislocations
basically become sprains and work themselves out.

Turns out elbow dislocations are fairly common. Elbows just suck and sometimes
they pop out when you bang on them. We were both impressed with the medical
team, they were amazing, and at the end of it all it could have been tons worse.

{{< dots >}}

Now that `$WIFE` is the one who has to stay off the climbing wall for a few
weeks, we have a lot to commiserate about. My lower back problems remain stably
manageable although my back hasn't felt totally normal in months. I always feel
like I'm one weird sleep away from being tragically disabled again.

Today would normally be "family climb," but given the circumstances, I'm going
to go alone and meet up with `$BELAY_BUDDY` to practice lead climbing. We are
far behind on our practice so if nothing else this is a chance to continue to
catch up, I suppose.

Further updates as events warrant.
