---
title: "2025 03 22 06 34"
date: 2025-03-22T06:34:22-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Green 5.10+
 - Pink 5.12-
---

Oh, good morning. I have some climbing and podcasting stories today, and then
I'll be "out of pocket" until tomorrow.<!--more-->

Back in about 2001, I worked for a start-up whose founder and President would
frequently use expressions like "I'm going to be out of pocket" and we all
thought it was funny at the time. Of course now it's "circle back" and "let's
action on this" so whatever, everyone is a moron.

{{< dots >}}

Last night was *Friday boys' night climb*, which we've now done I think three
times? I admit, I was a little bit less excited to go this time because I have
been just a bit low-energy this past week, but it turned out to be entirely
worth it.

Two of my regular gym buds were up for it and I met one of them at the gym at
about 6:30 and we did some warm-up boulders and projected a green V4 that he's
been working on. I was kind of just up for the hang so I participated in the
experimentation even though I'd sent it a couple of times before.

There's always something new to learn from repeating climbs and trying different
approaches. We discovered at least a few different ways to do the start and a
few that don't work at all.

`$WIFE` is still recovering from her elbow dislocation so she had gone to the
climbing gym on Thursday and attempted some one-arm climbs on auto-belay. She
challenged me to try it and I was eager to drag my friends into it, so we tried
that for a little bit.

Starting with a 5.5, my buddy went up first and got like 90% up it and then ran
out of steam. I found the 5.5 to be totally doable one-handed, which cemented
some of my sense of ability to do a deadpoint move using my legs to generate
inertia. It's really good practice for that kind of dynamic movement, which I
mostly avoid and I'm not that good at.

Since it was on the same auto-belay I jumped to a 5.7 that's basically crimps
all the way up. Not terrible crimps, I mean, it's a 5.7, but this climb is cool
because it's all the same hold all the way up. I *very nearly* flashed it but
didn't get the last move, which is a pretty big move with only one hand. Got it
on the second try, though.

We moved to another wall and I attempted a 5.9. I actually did get it, but it
almost didn't go. I was being very strict about not using my left hand (my
dominant!) but `$WIFE` said she'd allow the elbow of the unused arm "as though
you're a paraclimber." Without that elbow I don't think it would go; the last
move is so far you kind of need to mantle up to get close enough. But it went!

We discovered a few new top ropes including:

{{< sends >}}

Which I sent. With both hands haha. The green one I flashed, the pink (or peach
or dark pink) took three tries to nail down.

At this point I felt pretty depleted from our hours of climbing and we heard
from our other friend that he finally got free from work and was on the way, so
we rested. He arrived a bit later and we got back on the green V4 and I only
slightly participated in the projecting.

My second buddy sent the V4 and then we moved along to other areas of the gym,
most of which I'd climbed several times, so I just hung out and cheered them on,
which was nice. Eventually we were joined by the sole gym staffer, a young guy,
clearly a very good climber, and we all had a bit more projecting.

I was able to start a V6 that I didn't think I could, so that was an
accomplishment, although I think that one's going to be gone on Tuesday so I'll
probably never send it. It ends with an insanely high dyno into a super precise
crimp.

I ended up getting home at like 10:30 and by the time I got in bed it was 11.
Pretty late for me, but I'm impressed with myself for crushing it all night.
What a way to spend a Friday.

My late-20s self would have been out drinking all night so this is probably a
very positive change for me!

{{< dots >}}

The podcast exists, so I can talk about it now!

Go listen to [Delete Your Defaults][dyd] today! There is only one episode posted
at this moment, but we have a nice backlog of recordings and we'll be dripping
them out on a roughly bi-weekly basis as we figure out how to actually run this
thing.

[dyd]: https://deleteyourdefaults.show/

We had recorded something like eight episodes, and I had produced maybe three of
them, but we later recorded an intro (after we named the show), so I had to go
back and lay in that intro and make sure it all flowed nicely.

I did that, and then I also fully produced another couple of unfinished ones. I
think I still have another one or two to get through but I can stretch that out
as we continue to record new ones and post the completed ones. It's been a
process to figure out the scheduling and who does what and how we want to
coordinate.

I feel really good about how it's coming together. Doing the recordings has been
a learning experience, I do think they've gotten better over time, and I'm
getting increasingly comfortable with using Reaper, which is my chosen audio
production software.

Reaper is pretty insane. It's pretty clearly biased toward music production, but
is used for all sorts of multi-track audio editing purposes. There are lots of
podcast production tutorials on YouTube. What makes it great is that it's all
realtime, supports a bonkers number of plugins (VST and... Whatever the other
kind is), and it's wildly customizable. I've only barely scratched the surface
of the customization stuff.

I'm getting the hang of what I need to do for a podcast, which is fairly simple.
Lay in music, duck the volume around our speech, normalize volumes, do a little
compression, sometimes a noise date, sometimes a noise filter; that kind of
thing. Ripple editing is fucking cool.

Anyway, more episodes to come, smash that subscribe button!
