---
title: "2025 04 03 11 16"
date: 2025-04-03T11:16:26-04:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Lime V4
 - Yellow 5.9
 - Blue 5.10
---

I went climbing all by myself and experimented with ARC training. It was brutal.
I have notes.<!--more-->

These are sends from yesterday, because I classically neglect to log things when
they happen.

{{< sends >}}

It was a medium day. I took several ibuprofen through the day to manage my back
pain, which has been overall very good and tolerable, but has pinched a bit more
this week than I would like. Fortunately, ibuprofen really is like magic.

I got pretty used to being able to flash V4s, but that was not what was in the
cards for me on this day. I did a number of attempts on a new white V4 and
wasn't able to get it, then I did send the lime one after two or three tries.

I think partly I was just not feeling super strong, but I think the white one is
also fairly spicy and I was reluctant to attempt to power through it. I've
always been more of a static climber and I went into this session with an intent
to focus on footwork, precision, and technique.

I still want to send the white one in a way that feels slow, deliberate, and
"correct," whatever that means to me. I did make a pretty big discovery on my
third attempt or so, changing my body position to lower my center of gravity so
that I could lean out further beyond the foothold, and that's definitely
something I'm not good at cold reading.

The lime one also presented some interesting challenges with body positioning
and managing transfer of weight. I think I could probably do it more fluidly and
I might go back and try to work it more for the learning and practice, but was
happy to get up it pretty fluidly.

{{< dots >}}

After bouldering for the better part of an hour, I first wanted to attempt this
black slabby 5.9 that `$WIFE` reportedly sent one-handed. I had tried it in a
previous session, and I can't remember which hand I used but it felt impossible
and I gave up after only two or three attempts.

Knowing that `$WIFE` was able to do it convinced me to give it a more earnest
attempt. With two hands this climb feels easy peasy. It's a 5.9 on a slab wall,
it has some pockets but that doesn't bother me, no big deal. One-handed, though,
it feels like an 11.

I didn't count my attempts but it was certainly more than five. I did ultimately
get it, and that felt pretty awesome. One-handed climbing is so challenging!

{{< dots >}}

OK let's talk about ARC training. It stands for "Aerobic Restoration and
Capillarity," and what it's meant to do is improve your endurance by essentially
prompting your body to develop additional capillaries in the forearms. The
notion is that you "pump out" because there isn't enough oxygen and/or there is
too much lactic acid built up in the muscle that you can't hold onto things
anymore.

Classically, an ARC session consists of climbing up and down continuously for
some amount of time, resting, and repeating. I have never done this before, and
I didn't know what to expect, and I didn't do a ton of research, which perhaps I
should have.

I chose a 5.9 on which to try this, which I think was my first mistake. As an
ARC beginner and also a person with pretty stunted endurance on the wall, the
5.9 holds got to be really challenging really fast.

For my sets, I elected to do ten minutes of climbing and five minutes of rest,
which I set up in my shitty little stopwatch app (called "Seconds"). I have a
lot more to say about this app but I'll save that for another post.

By about five minutes in, I could barely hold onto some of the holds on this 5.9
climb. Now, of course, struggling to hold on is kind of the idea, that's what
we're training for, but if you fall off the wall repeatedly from halfway through
the set you're not going to gain much.

So at that point, maybe about six minutes in, I moved over to a 5.5 on the same
autobelay and continued there. I did step off the wall a few times to chalk and
shake my arms out. Honestly I am not sure I can remember ever feeling as pumped
as I did then, so hopefully that is a sign that it was working.

I took the five-minute rest and picked up the second set on the 5.5. That felt a
lot more tolerable for approximately the first half, but the truth is, my body
doesn't love holding on after the first few minutes. One of my biggest
take-aways from this experience is that there is a whole mental game I was
really not prepared for.

You're climbing this super easy climb, but you're absolutely exhausted, your
arms are pumped to hell, and you start thinking about what it would mean if you
failed and fell off. But of course falling on a vertical 5.5 on autobelay is not
a big deal, you're not going to get badly hurt... Well, maybe only your ego.

It becomes a game of tolerating the pain and making the next move even though it
feels that failure is imminent. I am not used to this and I tend to give up too
easily. I think this could be a very valuable piece of the training for me;
learning how to push through.

I sort of barely finished the second ten minutes, I definitely stepped off the
wall a few times, I was absolutely exhausted. I'll totally do it again. I
listened to a podcast at the same time, it is boring as shit, but what a great
exercise for these weak little forearms of mine!

{{< dots >}}

After the second ARC set, I only had about ten minutes left before `$KID`'s
pre-team practice would end, so I did a walk around the top rope routes and
discovered two new ones, the yellow 5.9 and blue 5.10.

In spite of just having been pumped beyond imagination, I decided to try the 10
and see what might happen. I did flash it, so I guess I had a little bit of gas
left in the tank.

Then I went for the yellow 5.9, I slipped off, but got it on the second go. I
felt like the 9 was just a bit spicier than the 10 in some ways. There are some
big reach moves that could be very hard for someone shorter than I am.

Feeling quite satisfied with those climbs, I stretched a little and we left. I
think there is a lot more that I can do to cool down more effectively. That's
another thought for the future.
