---
title: "2024 10 06 2"
date: 2024-10-06T12:26:15-04:00
---

I finally sent my first V5 boulder! Read my steaming hot takes on that and
climbing training or whatever.

I've been working on this V5 problem on and off for two or three sessions now. I
alternate between bouldering and topline so I didn't spend like an entire
session on it, but I have probably done around 10 attempts.

Today on my second or third attempt, I got it. I do appreciate the feeling of
gradually "locking in" each segment of the sequence until it feels right. This
is a pretty hard one, but I guess soft enough that I could make the leap from V4
to V5.

My strength on the boulders seems like it's in a good place, my ability to grab
a smaller hold, etc., but my endurance is still kinda garbage. Getting up on
some 5.11 toplines, I was not pumped, but my hand strength was just totally
exhausted after only a few attempts. This is what I think I need to work on the
most.

I did also sent a 5.11 arete climb that I had tried and failed previously, and
then failed out on a pink 5.11 that I think I can send fresh next time. I also
failed on an orange 5.11 that I had tried a couple times; I got further this
time but I think I need to train harder to get it.

I ran into a few climbing friends and we all traded belays, which was really
fun. It's nice when people want to project stuff and we can have a rotation
going. It forces me to rest longer, too.

It might be time once again to try to add some hangboard into my training
routine, because I don't feel like my back can do three sessions a week quite
yet (writing this as I lay on an ice pack), but I need to build up more finger
endurance.
