---
title: "2025 03 08 11 52"
date: 2025-03-08T11:52:45-05:00
tags:
 - sends
sends:
 - Orange 5.8
 - White 5.9
 - Purple 5.9
 - Lime 5.11
---

Sending you some lazy Saturday vibes. Thoughts on recovery, climbing, weather,
gaming, and probably more.<!--more-->

It's Saturday and there is little to do. `$KID` has his drum practice at School
of Rock and we want to go shopping for new climbing shoes for him and `$WIFE`
but other than that it's going to be low-key.

Last night was "guys' climb night" although only two of the four guys could make
it. Nonetheless it was a good time! I was feeling pretty high-gravity and didn't
make much progress on any projects, but I sent a couple of new top ropes and a
couple of older ones that apparently I never marked, so now I have.

{{< sends >}}

My back felt fine all day until just before I was going to leave, so I took a
couple ibuprofen and things went alright. It was starting to pinch a little
during the session but at this point I kind of just accept that and try not to
make it worse.

It was fun to "victory lap" a couple of the 5.11 climbs, especially the lime
one, which starts inverted under an archway and then you have to cut feet and
turn around to pull up onto the vertical part of the wall. Those big moves have
such Lara Croft / Nathan Drake energy, they just feel awesome to do.

I took another swing at a black 5.11 on the lead wall but I'm kind of stuck at
what I'll call the second crux and was feeling pretty tapped, so, another time.

{{< dots >}}

I love that the temperature is creeping up. We're supposed to have a 60-degree
day on Tuesday and most of the week is going to be sunny and at least high 40s
to 50s, which sure beats, uh, 12. Maybe the bike racks are going to go back on
the car soon!

I've been playing The Cave lately, which I quite like, but boy it's pretty hard!
Rather than being a pick-up-and-put-down game, it requires a bit more focus to
figure out some of the puzzles. I've already mildly cheated, though I have tried
to stop reading before the solutions were entirely given away.

{{< dots >}}

One thing I have to do is get into a cadence of posting our podcast episodes. I
think I'm due to post one, so maybe I'll just do that today. I just need to edit
our new intro into it and type up a description.
