---
title: "2025 03 21 06 27"
date: 2025-03-21T06:27:26-04:00
---

First successful ruck, and other random updates and thoughts.<!--more-->

I climbed on Sunday and Tuesday, which is my normal schedule. Tuesday felt
pretty low-energy and although it was a decent climb, I didn't make any progress
on projects and didn't feel like I could climb again Wednesday.

The question has long been, what do I do on the non-climbing days? Some days are
full rest days, other days I want to do cross-training of some kind. All of this
is dependent on how my back feels. One idea that I've had for a while is to do a
"ruck," which is walking with a "heavy" pack (or any pack).

"Ruck" is short for "rucksack," which is military slang for a backpack. The
whole idea surely started in the military where training frequently includes
carrying a bunch of gear, or weights simulating gear. It leaked out into popular
culture (at least in the Boston area) some years ago and I knew at least one
person who "rucked" regularly.

If you're a psycho you can buy a purpose-made backpack that can hold
purpose-made weight plates from the GoRuck company. Their most modest backpack
and a 20-pound plate will only cost you $350. This strikes me as insane, but
hey, so did Peloton bikes.

Rucking is supposed to be good exercise, though, and I want to condition myself
for harder hikes and for hiking to crags and shit, so I figured why not give it
a go?

I already keep my crag pack fully loaded. I've been taking the dynamic rope to
the gym every time "just in case" because "why not." If I was actually going out
for some top rope I'd need the static line as well, so I strapped that to the
top and I put the whole thing on our bathroom scale.

I was surprised that it weighed only 22 pounds. It's possible that I need to do
that measurement again by weighing myself with and without the pack, but that's
probably close enough for government work.

I strapped it on and did a 2.4-mile walk around our neighborhood. We live in a
very flat area, so I only did about 450ft of elevation, and I would say it felt
pretty easy until about the two-mile mark, then I started actually sweating. My
FitBit "cardio load" for the whole walk was only around 40 and a typical
climbing session for me is well over 100.

As an experiment in carrying all of my gear (sans helmet), I would call it a big
success. It would be nice to be able to get in some more elevation, but that
will be hard to do during the workday because I'd probably have to drive
somewhere. I could go up the hill across the street to the hospital and into the
woods, maybe I'll do that next time. That probably only adds another couple
hundred feet.

{{< dots >}}

Our smoke detectors woke us up at 1am. I presume that smoke detectors come with
some internal circuitry that figures out what time it is solely so that they can
start chirping about low battery in the middle of the night. For some reason
this never happens in the daytime.

Undoubtedly it happened because I pulled the battery out the night before when
the *other one* was chirping and I didn't put it back in, planning to replace
them all the following day... And then I didn't.

Smoke detectors are so important, but damn they're annoying sometimes.
