---
title: "2024 09 05"
date: 2024-09-05T10:44:43-04:00
---

I've been playing a whole lot of Persona 5 Royal lately, and I have some
thoughts about it.

It was my wife who urged me to play Persona 5, saying it was among her favorite
games ever. I like turn-based combat RPGs generally (I'm a Final Fantasy VII
kid) so I was willing to give it a go.

Persona 5 is one in a long (ongoing?) series of Persona JRPGs based on the
concept of your combat powers (in unreal "cognitive" worlds) being directly
linked to how you develop relationships with people in the "real world." My wife
played Persona 5, but I am playing a well-received remaster called Persona 5
Royal. This is a crucial detail.

It's a fun game, it's cutesy in the ways that JRPGs can tend to be, but it has
a vast amount of stuff to explore and do, and a ton of storyline to absorb and
try to figure out. It's also not an impenetrable mess like every Hideo Kojima
game ever made (I say this as a die-hard Death Stranding lover).

I don't know what all of the differences are between the original and Royal, but
one thing I know for sure is that they totally broke this one boss fight that I
just got through, which took me several days and many YouTube videos of research
to finally overcome.

It's a bad sign when changing your difficulty level from "normal" to "merciless"
actually makes the fight easier. Also it's the only fight with a countdown timer
(that you can't pause in any way). It also doesn't allow a specific combat
mechanic called an "all-out attack" that you can normally do when all enemies
are "knocked down."

I just want to ask the people who made these changes: what on Earth were you
smoking when you did this? Do you not have anyone in your lives who love you? Do
you wish only to preside over the suffering of your players?

So glad that's behind me.
