---
title: "2025 05 18 05 56 Sunday"
date: 2025-05-18T05:56:23-04:00
---

Effectively all I do is climb, I guess.<!--more-->

It's the thing I journal about most because, at least in this moment, it's the
main thing I work on outside of work. And work is boring to journal about.

I had a nice "rest day" on Friday and just tried to take it easy on my body.
Nevertheless, I had to make a run to the recycling center to dump a ton of
cardboard from our new deck furniture and whatnot and picking up and moving that
irritated my back.

I ended the day Friday worse than I started it, which certainly annoyed me, and
also confused me. I still can't put any rationality around how sometimes I can
do a certain movement and other times I can't. It seems like if I had some
physical problem that was irritated by a certain position or motion, that that
would be relatively static, but that hasn't been my experience.

The unpredictability of it is what drew me into the TMS idea from Dr. Sarno, and
I'm not ready to say that there is no validity to it, but some holes have been
punched in it by my observations. Dr. Sarno might say that doing a certain thing
could cause TMS to flare up because your subconscious is convinced that doing
that thing should hurt (sitting, bending over). But to me the pain is too acute,
too sharp, to fit the description of TMS.

TMS presents as muscle pain that hurts to touch, and what I feel tends to be
"deeper." Touching it doesn't seem to do anything (good or bad). That doesn't
mean there is no psychological component, or that there couldn't be a
psychological treatment that might work, given that all pain is (by definition)
in your mind.

But nevertheless I've found myself again on this merry-go-round of not knowing
what tomorrow will bring and feeling a bit tossed by the waves of uncertainty,
while at the same time climbing obligations ramp up. Then my anxiety about the
obligations kicks in and it all starts to feel more tense.

{{< dots >}}

Yesterday we met up with a friend of `$WIFE`'s whose son is interested in trying
climbing and showed them around the South Boston gym. `$WIFE`'s friend had also
never climbed and as the cult leader it is imperative that `$WIFE` make everyone
try at least one climb.

That went as well as could be expected for a first time for a six-year-old. He
went up a beginner climb several times and got scared and came back down. I
thought there was a good chance he'd top out before the end of our time, but it
didn't happen. That's typical of course, climbing can be pretty scary at first
(and it still scares me sometimes). His mom did one climb and did top out, and
that was that.

I sent a couple more easy comp boulders (by "easy" I mean "less than 1,000
points"). There was a fun semi-overhung purple one for like 600 points or so,
and there was a terrifying orange slab, which may have been like 700 or 800. I
can't remember but it doesn't matter.

I "victory lapped" the yellow V4 on the beginner wall, sent an adjacent spicy
red V3 with really slopey holds, and I think that was about it for boulders. I
didn't try any of the harder comp problems.

We did eventually get harnesses on and tried the new kid out on an auto-belay
but he was equally terrified of that. His mom didn't do any rope climbs. Since
we already had harnesses on, `$WIFE` and I decided to do a new-ish yellow 5.9
that we'd never done, which went easily.

We also took a couple stabs at the adjacent 5.12. It's very hard, `$WIFE` got a
little further up but we both couldn't send. A good project, but I have other
projects on auto in that gym that I would tackle first.

{{< dots >}}

Today we're headed outside to Quincy Quarries, which is what it sounds like.
It's a park that used to be a quarry in Quincy, MA. It's an iconic climbing spot
in this area, whose distinctive characteristic is the huge amount of graffiti on
all the walls. There are tons of crags, and we invited everyone we know who
climbs outside. It should be a good time and a fun hang.

This one is meant to be kid-friendly, so we'll have `$KID` there and `$WIFE`'s
belay buddy and his kid, and we expect a couple other kids around mid-day. I'm
sure we'll have some time for some projecting. It's my first time out since
earlier last year and it should be a fun change of pace for me.

I'm just going to ibuprofen my way through this basically, because I don't let
this thing run my life. It worked yesterday and it will work again today. Though
honestly it doesn't seem that bad this morning and PT will certainly help as it
always does.
