---
title: "2024 10 19"
date: 2024-10-19T06:43:33-04:00
---

Work; climbing; sleep; adventures.<!--more-->

#### Work

My "grandboss" asked me to join a Slack huddle with him while I was out
yesterday afternoon and I thought it was going to be some production problem or
bad news or something and instead *he gave me a raise*!

When I took the job all I wanted was to be able to make a material contribution,
have few meetings, and ideally avoid both politics and "grind culture," which
were things that plagued me for years at my last place. This job has delivered
all of that and more and I couldn't be happier about it.

It feels really good to be recognized for the contributions I've made, and I'm
so grateful to work with so many awesome folks on a really complex and unique
project.

#### Climbing

I met up with my new "belay buddy" yesterday to trade belays and get in my
*first third-day of climbing in a week*. It has been my goal since before my
injury in June to add a third day and work on conditioning my grip and endurance
more.

We had a very nice climb together. We did a couple of 5.9s and 5.10s, she sent
two and made a lot of progress on the other two. Then we moved over to the "lead
wall," which is really the hardest wall in the gym in my opinion, where my two
5.11 projects are.

I sent one of them, an orange 5.11, and failed again to send the "Pepto Bismol"
colored one (or "Silly Putty" if you prefer), but I did make some progress
there. I can feel that it will be possible with more work.

The rope felt tight on the orange one, so I think I need a "victory lap" to
definitively prove that I can do it without any assist, but I'm 95% sure I can,
it just felt like I had a little bit of extra safety around one body positioning
change.

All-in-all, though, a really good and fun session!

#### Sleep

My watch thinks I slept 7 hours and 51 minutes last night, which is the longest
I've slept in something like *weeks*. I was awakened around 2am or so by the
bathroom light outside our bedroom door, which the kid must have left on. I got
up to turn it off so then I had no choice but to do the Wordle and the Strands
before going back to sleep.

Hopefully all this sleep comes in handy for our exciting day.

#### Adventures

Today we're finally going to redeem our tickets for Boundless Adventures, a
sprawling ropes course that the wife and I did ourselves last fall. The minimum
age is seven, so we got three passes for the kid's 7th birthday this past
summer, but then I hurt my back and couldn't reasonably go, plus the summer is
very busy there.

I think the weather now is a bit colder than when we went, and I wonder how many
folks will show up, but a bunch of the time slots did have bookings that I could
see on the website. A few people is okay but it gets annoying when you're always
stuck behind, uh, let's say, more *tentative* people.

It's really all for the kid, though, so as long as he has a good time I think
it'll be a worthwhile outing.
